hide new secretions from the parental units
contains no wit , only labored gags
that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature
remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout
on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment
demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
of saucy
a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films
goes to absurd lengths
for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
the part where nothing 's happening ,
saw how bad this movie was
lend some dignity to a dumb story
the greatest musicians
cold movie
with his usual intelligence and subtlety
redundant concept
swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .
equals the original and in some ways even betters it
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .
a smile on your face
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits
which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
in world cinema
very good viewing alternative
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish ,
the action is stilted
on all cylinders
will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
by far the worst movie of the year
sit through ,
more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
heroes
oblivious to the existence of this film
sharply
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
sometimes dry
as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature
a $ 40 million version of a game
gorgeous and deceptively minimalist
cross swords with the best of them and
as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
disappointments
the horrors
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .
many pointless
a beautifully
contrived , well-worn situations
a doa
poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room
starts with a legend
far less sophisticated and
rich veins of funny stuff in this movie
no apparent joy
shot on ugly digital video
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ? ''
though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
is pretty damned funny .
we never feel anything for these characters
's a lousy one at that
the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .
of the most highly-praised disappointments i
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
seem fresh
to the dustbin of history
as a director , eastwood is off his game
pays earnest homage to turntablists
weak and
skip this dreck ,
contains very few laughs and even less surprises
film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
are an absolute joy
generates
, like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows
based on a true and historically significant story
well-rounded tribute
, though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
so much like a young robert deniro
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
fashioning an engrossing entertainment out
spiffy animated feature
that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
strung-together moments
, generous and subversive artworks
it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
funny yet
overbearing and over-the-top
it 's robert duvall !
rich and sudden wisdom
acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
in memory
respectable new one
yet this grating showcase
hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
, this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
build some robots , haul 'em to the theater with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
do n't work in concert
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal .
would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling ,
hawaiian shirt
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
provide its keenest pleasures
altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
grievous but
after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
hopeless
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .
very well-written and very well-acted .
are n't many conclusive answers in the film
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment ,
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
bring tissues .
the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) .
as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
there 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
just too silly
cinematic bon bons
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
irritates and
collapse
so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws
, it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
wide-awake all the way through
( vainly , i think )
is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
is effective if you stick with it
that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community
delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
absolutely and completely ridiculous and
's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
realistic portrayal
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story
well-thought stunts or
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .
no lika da
a welcome relief
the promise of digital filmmaking
just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau
extraordinary faith
have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart
, sometimes beautiful adaptation
about as interesting
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .
overlong , and bombastic
derivative and hammily
most audacious , outrageous ,
at its best moments
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
that final , beautiful scene
some movies suck you in despite their flaws ,
eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights
the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .
, compelling
infectiously
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .
think of this dog of a movie
's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
those so-so films that could have been much better
a passable date film
imax in short
i hate it .
's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting
in this wildly uneven movie
pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license
like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
with color and depth , and rather a good time
silly , outrageous , ingenious
being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy
starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
a good one
, plodding picture
the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
lost in the translation this time
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments
inane and awful
told in scattered fashion
takes chances that are bold by studio standards
believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects
only thing to fear about `` fear dot com ''
whole mess
manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3
enjoy the ride
very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors
the , yes , snail-like pacing
an extremely unpleasant film .
if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ...
are all things we 've seen before
poignant and leavened
breathless anticipation
significantly better
as predictable as the tides
bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining
it 's smooth and professional
, unassuming , subordinate
the horror
a technically superb film
the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
a dim
, vicious and absurd
because he acts so goofy all the time
to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
's at once laughable and compulsively watchable ,
merit its 103-minute length
the value and respect for the term epic cinema
as a dentist 's waiting room
showing honest emotions
amazingly lame .
confessions may not be a straightforward bio
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little
the story is bogus and
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
to spare wildlife
ugly as the shabby digital photography
understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
traditionally structured
frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance .
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one )
carnage and
degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage
second fiddle
about the folly of superficiality that is itself
serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination .
, esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
a stylish exercise
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it
a setup so easy it borders on facile
a thoroughly awful movie
takes hold and grips hard
look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
the picture 's fascinating byways
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves
breezy , distracted rhythms
than this mess
evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream
slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses ,
valuable messages
in no small part thanks to lau
two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up
no new plot conceptions
essentially a collection of bits --
does n't bode well for the rest of it
elevated by it -- the kind of movie
usual worst
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm
arrive early and stay late
is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .
shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest
considerable aplomb
acted by diane lane and richard gere .
scant
an admittedly middling film
too ludicrous
the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal
rich and full
warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for
, home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
, the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
ultra-cheesy dialogue
added depth and resonance
the sensational
huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama
's not very good either .
in her most charmless
makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
everything about girls ca n't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
the cast is spot on and
ugly digital video
can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
rather choppy
becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates
demands and receives excellent performances
xxx is a blast of adrenalin ,
pure escapism
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead ***
about love and culture
is worse :
horrifying
mourns her tragedies in private
the action scenes are poorly delivered
it 's so bad
so bad
, 84 minutes is short
dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum
a masterpiece
a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
does n't leave you with much .
good acting
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting
marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
is less successful on other levels
's still quite worth seeing
intelligent and moving .
he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes
men
accomplish what few sequels can
a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
exhilarating , funny and fun .
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time
, it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
endearing , caring
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker
the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process
taboo subject matter
see this
utterly incompetent conclusion
has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ...
you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her
run for cover
low budget
a deceptively casual ode
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , ''
help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact
you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride
a giant step backward
true fans
just copies
quite rich and exciting
luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own
, you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
this frozen tundra soap opera
a showdown
is simply too overdone
greatly
free
intriguing species
try and evade
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv
watching it leaves you giddy
beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
far tamer
outrageously creative action
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings
is never any question of how things will turn out
only open new wounds
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure
for a story
in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic
right stuff
the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
high-concept films
sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse
with no reason for being
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
invigorating , surreal , and resonant
the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
have a passion for the material
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's
romanticized rendering
is terrific as rachel
of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls
come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count
with awe
joyous romp of a film .
a nonstop hoot
, partisans and sabotage
gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .
this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation
exciting and
schticky
and in the best way
of our most flamboyant female comics
squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
( less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so
this film special
of the amazing spider-man
the stomach-turning violence
could use a little more humanity
not everything
acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller
a bad idea from frame one
terrific , sweaty-palmed fun
very funny joke
volletta wallace 's maternal fury
complex story
atop wooden dialogue
that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony
be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen
ca n't miss it
dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
of the best short story writing
it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
feeble comedy .
an insult to every family
it is essentially empty
of the film 's problems
makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama
is not even half the interest .
never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding
`` auto focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ?
the energy it takes to describe how bad it is
wait to see it then .
could easily be called the best korean film of 2002
largest-ever historical canvas
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
comatose ballerinas
oh-so-important
of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
formulaic equations
's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
deserve a passing grade
you 're gon na like this movie .
simply stupid , irrelevant
weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and
felt performances across the board .
seem weird and distanced
has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive
casual and fun
plodding mess
the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
the film 's intimate camera work
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
of dishonesty
as bestial
as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
, they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
crackles
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters
high drama , disney-style
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .
, good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
her bully of a husband
gaghan ... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters
oozing , chilling and heart-warming
stale retread
filming the teeming life on the reefs
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
quite endearing .
with fewer gags to break the tedium
overbearing and
deep deceptions
things will turn out okay
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural
grand
good-natured fun found in films like tremors
betters it
transfixes the audience
moving and important
dope
an avid interest
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances
true star
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ...
is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
is haunting ... ( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction
which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through
that 's both charming and well acted
a bad blend
the guy-in-a-dress genre
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
riveting and
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .
war movies
an inuit masterpiece
oscar
the cliché-laden screenplay
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse
provide much more insight
, and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's ,
what you wish for
fluid and mesmerizing
... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
it 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
ransacks
lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
book report
leave the theater
spousal abuse
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing ,
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .
anyone who suffers through this film
one carried by a strong sense of humanism
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .
directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas
funny , triumphant ,
underachiever
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem
of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
dime-store ruminations
worth a
, reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake !
whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes .
'll cry for your money back
enthralling
is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
like max rothman 's future , does not work .
of quirky characters and an engaging story
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and
making kahlo 's art a living ,
bad run
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
many pleasures
is worth searching out
at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless
time bombs
balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
a sour taste in one 's mouth
decent performance
... familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc .
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .
responsible for one of the worst movies of one year
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived
movie love
human darkness
understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen
's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 )
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type --
the perfect movie
ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time
see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
give you enough to feel good about
unexpectedly insightful
allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
is an extraordinary film , not least
a doubt
maudlin or
with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
the wan , thinly sketched story
provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
again dazzle and delight us
that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes
aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was .
failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
it 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
laughed at
, future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
a philosophical void
unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense
intelligence or invention
hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
hopelessly juvenile
shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth --
unique directing style
required to give this comic slugfest some heart
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention
hip hop beat
feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
no explanation
funniest and
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be
starts off witty and sophisticated and you
a bargain-basement european pickup
, but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished
taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
lead a group of talented friends astray
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .
this gentle , mesmerizing portrait
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout ,
draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek )
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success .
handles it in the most unexpected way
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time .
obscenely bad
devastatingly
i do n't see the point
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard
that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone
one of its strengths
of masterpiece
into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto
stiff or just plain bad
makes these lives count
jolts the laughs from the audience --
a delightful stimulus
has no point
of isolation and frustration
winning shot
of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
lewis
that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .
father cliché
domestic tension and unhappiness
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable
called the best korean film of 2002
one of the best rock
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
of the holiday box office pie
inexpressible and drab wannabe
the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit
like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and
to hate
to be mesmerised
the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version
a lot of energy
for its success on a patient viewer
while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .
turned down
timely , tongue-in-cheek
undramatic
the pile of useless actioners
morton deserves an oscar nomination .
weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces
efficiency and an affection for the period
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it
does not work .
it is n't merely offensive
tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in
it irrigates our souls .
a hint of humor
with a big heart
a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages
its most immediate and most obvious pleasure
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
made a decent ` intro ' documentary
makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
emotional seesawing
movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
this intricately structured and well-realized drama
embracing
the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff .
a pretty listless collection
other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in
have been called freddy gets molested by a dog
moody male hustler
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
which is mostly a bore
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
love this movie
... the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community
liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
works smoothly
with a creepy and dead-on performance
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead .
placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers
a satisfyingly unsettling ride
good a job as anyone
, smart and complicated
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes --
are pretty valuable these days
( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop is n't as funny as it should be .
that the only rip off that we were aware of
beautiful to watch and
accentuating
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time
a wonderful ensemble cast
endear
the truly funny bits
's that painful .
american beauty reeks
clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
without any of its sense of fun or energy
be the cat 's meow
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply
wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and
be part of
cinema history as the only movie ever
comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
accomplished oscar winners
of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
an all-time low
enjoyed it just
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations ,
delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
colorful , vibrant introduction
the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
famuyiwa 's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .
a laugh between them
that gradually sneaks up on the audience
photographic marvel
is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood .
while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
wow ' factor
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .
brazil-like , hyper-real satire
low on both suspense and payoff
find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most
an absolute delight for all audiences
would tax einstein 's brain .
's its first sign of trouble
ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff
moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution
wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
been lost in the translation this time
revelatory performance
the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion
remains oddly detached
that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film
nifty premise
vein
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and
go down with a ship as leaky
earnest movie
effective enough
showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times
make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok
going at a rapid pace ,
still fun and enjoyable and
a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking
this thing is virtually unwatchable .
's also undeniably exceedingly clever
would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
an entertainment destination for the general public
i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing
to the enduring strengths of women
surprisingly faithful
the numerous scenes
exaggerated and
takes a really long , slow and dreary time
improved upon the first
that might have made it an exhilarating
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .
humorless
thank
just because a walk to remember
bite
amounts to little more than punishment .
the humor is recognizably plympton
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult
a fascinating , compelling story
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
whimsical and relevant today
see the it
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss
grotesque narcissism
funny and sad
is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .
it wore me down
be so stupid
as refreshing
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .
has created a brilliant motion picture .
from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american
a beautiful food entrée
us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence
his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
does not live up to its style
scenes of cinematic perfection
love liza 's tale
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
go see this delightful comedy .
worst sense
propelled by the acting
presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard
overplayed
should be poignant
'' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
mug shots
the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
another masterpiece
an incredibly layered and stylistic film
a classic story
daring
wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .
haute
convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .
ugly and
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick
any insight
a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
passionate , tumultuous affair
the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name
an enjoyable experience .
've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
well to cram earplugs
who is simply tired
it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin
both convincing and radiant
smart and dark -
emaciated flick
jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
point at things that explode into flame
jolts the laughs from the audience
heralds something special
has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one
a perfect performance
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie
sometimes confusing
superlative
buy the soundtrack
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching ,
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .
to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
the folly of superficiality that is itself
lumbering load
a 95-minute commercial for nba properties
though many of these guys are less than adorable
peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
is deadly dull
inferior
big-hearted and frequently
striking deep chords of sadness
laughs aplenty
schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
loud , ugly , irritating movie
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer
the scorpion king more than ably
make a pretty good team
lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
bill plympton , the animation master
impossible task
that in a good way
a watch that makes time go faster rather than
very best pictures
lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail
and church meetings
than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
compassionate
will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
an ebullient affection
somehow snagged an oscar nomination
manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
` realistic '
nicely done
a summer of good stuff
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
sustains
neither is it as smart
fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages
the movie is powerful and provocative .
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness
those who do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
like to skip but film buffs should get to know
narrative discipline
samuel l. jackson
is this films reason for being .
the old saying goes , because it 's true
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture
aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire
come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films
embracing than monty
is it hokey
as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
that 's hardly any fun to watch
get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
it 's on par with the first one
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable
above most of its ilk
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and
i do n't think so .
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking
is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
bile , and irony
a faulty premise ,
haphazardness
the plot grows thin soon ,
beloved-major
by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
crossing-over mumbo jumbo
virtually unwatchable
its premise is smart , but
was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
light-hearted
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations .
to show us a good time
pitiful , slapdash disaster .
is one of the year 's best
even witty
a fierce dance
crippled
this piece of crap
... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream
particularly impressive
in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
submerging
nearly as fresh or enjoyable
miserable and smug
my great pleasure
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .
fascinating , dark thriller
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .
down the reality drain
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
a historic scandal
that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances
their lamentations are pretty much self-centered
a pretty decent kid-pleasing ,
of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
, bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music
would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard
the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well
a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey
insistent and repetitive
nausea
of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
no art
seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece
more silly than scary
's funny .
its execution and skill
's coherent , well shot , and tartly
you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance
underdeveloped
the jokes are flat
a heartening tale of small victories
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies ,
a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for
with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
do we really need the tiger beat version ?
the disadvantage of also looking cheap
churn out one mediocre movie after another
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .
this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .
cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names
sexual and romantic
what begins brightly
then just fell apart
despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
every top-notch british actor
is awful .
a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
will nevertheless find moving
great
like `` horrible '' and `` terrible
provide an intense experience
is off-putting
gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
, this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
this is a very funny , heartwarming film .
with such provocative material
this film biggest problem ?
with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for
stylish and
it 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
it plainly has no business going
a larger-than-life figure ,
is truly gorgeous to behold
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry --
the most affecting depictions of a love affair
stereotypical caretakers
be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
yet permits laughter
marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
some serious suspense
waster '
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
salton sea surprisingly engrossing
no place for this story to go but down
can open the door to liberation .
are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay
another best of the year selection .
flat ,
exceptional lead performances
positive impression
much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
that heralds something special
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
dreamy
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination
the qualities
than losers
comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
flashy , overlong soap
get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory
's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
sweetheart
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
it still works .
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude
a well paced and satisfying little drama
begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
loves
, dopey old
because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive
wrenching performances
kids , spirit
the star who helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead
quickly becomes a tiresome cliché
unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk
a perceptive , good-natured movie
keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease
be completely forgettable
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence
the best of a growing strain of daring films
gripping portrait
it 's actually watchable
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
a bland animated sequel
his films
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and
festival
trouble every day is a plodding mess .
to be consumed and forgotten
, the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
its one-sidedness
, thought-provoking film
uneven film
is n't heated properly , so that it ends up
takes off in totally unexpected directions and
tried as a war criminal
is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost
to make such a worthless film
a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
a technically superb film ,
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ...
to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in
what a reckless squandering
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation
off-beat and fanciful
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and
like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story
by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen
time-consuming
charlotte sometimes is a gem .
is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower
can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films .
epic treatment of a nationwide blight
fresh-faced
the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake
mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
the film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
worth a recommendation
bigger
our best achievements and other times
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team ,
everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
in private
has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but
of anti-semitism ever seen on screen
ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
invigorating about
's mildly entertaining ,
it 's about family
life and love
questionable
a twist
with leonine power
quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself
gaps in their relationships
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .
badly edited
run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through
i am baffled by jason x.
to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival
a smoother , more focused
is not first-rate
are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
zealand coming-of-age movie
dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible
rises above superficiality .
a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
masterful british actor ian holm
the hearts and minds
conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice
deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson
blab
is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
-- that you should never forget
has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
more than ably
and a terrible story
's that painful
is a monumental achievement
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks .
comedic writing
humorous and touching .
of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd
it 's easy to love robin tunney
i like that smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .
a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort
, the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
more graceful way
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war film .
will turn out
it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer
perfect material
one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio
( seagal 's ) strenuous attempt at a change in expression
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending
in a grisly sort of way
nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
more frustrating
lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse
there are laughs aplenty , and
lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings
of sleaziness
this too-long , spoofy update
shoddy male hip hop fantasy
, cynical
like puppies with broken legs
that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
excited about on this dvd
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie
as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life
many of the things that made the first one charming
as if by cattle prod
struggling
beautiful paean
entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive
all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better
dreadfulness
it 's not very interesting .
the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .
a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
out
it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
an all-around good time at the movies
humor in i spy is so anemic .
the by now intolerable morbidity
touched by the film 's conviction
a spoof comedy
it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
seem tired and ,
one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed
pointed , often tender , examination
touching reflection
a smartly directed , grown-up film
help overcome the problematic script .
show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty
this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario
put together a bold biographical fantasia
slow and ponderous , but rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption .
as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .
drowned me
a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )
haneke 's script ( from elfriede jelinek 's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
, scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
a screwed-up man
rumblings
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart
lightweight filmmaking
and satirical touches
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood
hackneyed concepts
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats )
a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and
wickedly undramatic
a legendary professor
is magnetic as graham
has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .
to watch too many barney videos
be able to look away for a second
heartfelt performances
a legacy
an evil , monstrous lunatic
smoky and inviting
the wisdom and humor
saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo
excruciatingly tedious
beyond redemption
the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt
sleep-inducing
coen brothers
never rises above mediocrity
no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .
farts
a wonderful tale of love and destiny
the fourth `` pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .
've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
hackneyed and meanspirited
makes a meal of it
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
the unacceptable
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .
shockingly bad
run of the mill
is n't a very
most amazing super-sized dosage
is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
spies
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos ,
laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser
the opulent lushness
( allen ) manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
the writing and direction to the soggy performances
went back
unfunny
good film
a simplistic narrative and
plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
finely written
attentive
a canny crowd pleaser ,
real and amusing
a dependable concept
straight from the saturday morning cartoons
least
very light
thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
dying a slow death
some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life
lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality
to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them
downright intoxicating
with ` bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
vaporize from your memory minutes
energetic
's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
decrepit
two guys yelling in your face for two hours
bloody beauty as vivid
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth
is not handled well
long and eventful
, after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers
suffocating
has considerable charm
for its extraordinary intelligence and originality
stink
good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch
kids will love its fantasy and adventure
( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really
, to my great pleasure ,
one of the most entertaining bonds in years
in a standard plot
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .
been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit
b movies
to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style
from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
for pretentious arts majors
see a movie with its heart
reek of a script
bottom tier
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director
as john ritter 's glory days
fights a good fight
is god
floating narrative
stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy
a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
of this dog of a movie
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .
yet depressing film
does pack some serious suspense .
descends into such message-mongering moralism
gripping humanity
fall fast asleep
virtually no aftertaste
inane and unimaginative
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances ,
bound
self-absorbed
see the forest for the trees
's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good
intolerable company
talky , artificial and opaque
for one splendidly cast pair
underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .
convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons
are ... impeccable throughout .
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs
horror/action hybrid
of the finest films of the year
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
is too long with too little going on
much needed
jones and snipes are enthralling
that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
participation
you can smell the grease on the plot
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and
human impulses that grew hideously twisted
still fun and enjoyable
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside ,
often overwritten
to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
nearly impossible
down-to-earth bullock
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
one-hour mark
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun
not constant bloodshed
offers no new insight on the matter
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored
overwhelmingly
spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick
tastelessness and gall
bad action-movie line
grows
as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple
contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way
any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly
caliber
balanced film
of run-of-the-mill profanity
feel like three hours .
excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone
is built on a potentially interesting idea
is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
laughably
been kind enough to share it
of bland hotels , highways , parking lots
with a large dose of painkillers
liked a lot of the smaller scenes
wastes
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
, mind-numbingly , indescribably bad
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking ,
a river of sadness that pours into every frame
menacing
incessantly
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers .
that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
at existing photos
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy ,
as funny nor
gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries .
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .
lacks balance
hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild
revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
tv
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
demonstrating vividly
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time ,
marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .
a powerful , inflammatory film
favor of tradition and warmth
begins on a high note and
has much to recommend it
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition
a simple tale
despicable characters
` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
, director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
this amiable picture
that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
a markedly inactive film
saves this deeply affecting film
cold , nervy and memorable
exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise
the gratuitous cinematic distractions
manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic
insanely hilarious
does n't work because there is no foundation for it
surprise us
relative modesty
coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
, if good-hearted , movie .
makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .
inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
no pastry is violated
is very difficult
i 'll buy the soundtrack .
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic
is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical
to the genre and another first-rate performance
an adventurous young talent
predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
intricate plot
, this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .
to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo
as i laughed throughout the movie
impossibly contrived situations
fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals
a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor
is the best ` old neighborhood ' project
others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
make italian for beginners worth the journey
most good-hearted
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
poignant and funny
thanks to a small star with big heart
impersonal and abstract
it 's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film .
-- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
if you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
accents so good
a classy , sprightly spin on film
an original
a thing that already knows it 's won
as punching bags
nothing to sneeze at these days
ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona
good-natured
star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
brought to life on the big screen
an entertaining movie
is a very funny , heartwarming film .
more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
that gets under your skin
be half as entertaining as it is
turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
a rollicking adventure for you
that even its target audience talked all the way through it
prickly indie comedy
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course
ethics
that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film
other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time
and crude film
could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
with real world events
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
sanctimonious , self-righteous and
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas
acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable
one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .
is why anybody picked it up .
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok
seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick
that takes itself all too seriously
with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .
's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre
the piano teacher is not an easy film .
manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
daft by half ... but supremely good natured
much power
of carnage
this picture
increasingly diverse french director
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious
features nonsensical and laughable plotting
served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick
's plenty to offend everyone
reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans
save their children
that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
surprisingly touching
come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
, the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
an obvious rapport with her actors
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
existential exploration
road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire
commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute
may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone
both shrill and soporific , and because everything
sinister
than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
aground
amazing
have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize
for that comes through all too painfully in the execution
open-ended questions
like brosnan 's performance
counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget
sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
the road
phrase ` life affirming '
an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe
little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
to the film 's music
and dog lovers
moving tale
no surprises
crawls along
sure mainstream audiences will be baffled
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
oddly humorous to tediously sentimental
grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
lonely
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but
has been
, cry and realize ,
does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
told well by a master
from a ploddingly melodramatic structure
a show forged in still-raw emotions
to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
captivates
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other
you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines
the filling
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but
angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy
queasy-stomached
the ` ick ' in ` classic
very choppy and monosyllabic
psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds ,
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and
welcome with audiences
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
startling story
do with imagination
rage
dumplings
more interesting -- and , dare i say ,
exactly assured in its execution
'll keep watching the skies for his next project
as tiresome as 9
plot , characters ,
does not work
that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
seem self-consciously poetic and
back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy
authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment
satisfying
revolutionary spirit
a crowd-pleaser , but then ,
anemic ,
a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place
spielberg 's first real masterpiece
the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution
is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
while peppering the pages with memorable zingers
falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
, truths emerge .
those words
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .
by cliches , painful improbability and murky points
generous , inspiring film
tossed off
this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism
of more appealing holiday-season product
sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle
like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place
dialogue and sharp
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
graduated
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible
enriched
to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
a pretty decent kid-pleasing
unrecoverable
that manages to invest real humor
articulate , grown-up voice
commercialism all in the same movie
nifty
's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .
some delightful work on indie projects
making up for any flaws that come later
terrific effort
the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
xmas
, it does give exposure to some talented performers
a cheap scam
once one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer
paints a grand picture of an era and
of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters --
it is a likable story , told with competence .
originality is sorely lacking .
especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes
no-nonsense authority
idiocy
moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
, visually graceful
sappiness
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came
loose
looking and stylish
the three leads produce adequate performances , but
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst
a beautiful film to watch
writer-director david jacobson
's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
neither romantic nor comedic
the movie dawdle
with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs
good-natured and sometimes quite funny
a complete waste of time
largely devoid
to cheesier to cheesiest
piece , a model of menacing atmosphere
of last summer 's bloated effects
a low-budget series on a uhf channel
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast
use a few good laughs
someone made off with your wallet
's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
dodge this one
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it .
this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness
in its sparkling beauty
`` brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence
lively
it seem fresh again
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet
good guys and
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and
the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny
clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
cannibal lust above the ordinary
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it
will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way
spectacularly
construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt
to break the tedium
the ridiculousness
well-done film
's not that funny
inhuman cinematic punishment
of its epic scope
pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
of heartfelt performances
fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema
poetic road movie
play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it .
you 've figured out late marriage
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .
teddy bears ' picnic ranks
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
right place
oddly sweet
a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .
so second-rate
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they
a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay
engaging characters
, twisted , brilliant and macabre
a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse
tootsie knockoff .
need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .
britney spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does .
than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind
expresses our most basic emotions
for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
huge gap
a very moving and revelatory footnote
a non-mystery mystery .
fascinating -- and timely -- content
loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist
gut-clutching piece
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
subjugate truth
the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera
with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
to remember
is a real filmmaker
a great film noir
this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies
is that it does n't make any sense
a talky bore
bristles with passion and energy
a successful career
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
as brave and challenging
above pat inspirational status
beautifully filmed
moving , and adventurous
somewhat cumbersome
place and personal identity
with plenty of entertainment value
a dazzling dream of a documentary
* corpus and its amiable jerking
serious subject matter and dark , funny humor
is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive
bland murder-on-campus
tear your eyes away
the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
dickens ' words
satisfying destination
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .
its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and
fun one
to no particularly memorable effect
ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
highly predictable narrative
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya
, you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
none-too-original
romp that has something to say .
zone '' episode
a stultifyingly obvious one
, you 'll like promises .
it 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
turntablism
is well worth seeing
the strain is all too evident
unlike
upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period
painful and
dismiss -- moody
sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role
the fetid underbelly of fame
, i would go back and choose to skip it .
worked
expected
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little
of war-torn croatia
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english
director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency
humor , warmth , and
that few will bother thinking it all through
want my money back .
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting
are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
is off .
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .
incessant
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you .
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be
witless and utterly pointless .
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes
loose , poorly structured
of good-natured fun found in films like tremors
examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
just does n't add up .
a powerful and telling story
that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays
pomposity
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
a winning family story
never catches fire
much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout
from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ...
much fun
in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot
of a poetic
the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
great director
and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .
his martial artistry
a little-remembered world
an authentic feel
`` sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions
the smarter offerings
as the long-faced sad sack
all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones
playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer
director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell
negativity
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject --
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music
's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except ,
a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous
to shine through the gloomy film noir veil
of the year 's most enjoyable releases
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .
a delightful , if minor , pastry
the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian
the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
vulgar , sexist , racist humor
offbeat humor
finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies
in the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
enough to give you brain strain
this bad
in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise
ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops
downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness
a couple hours of summertime
to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances
pleasingly
a complete mess
so perfect
's impossible to care
cutting hollywood satire
directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful -
terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
sometimes improbable story
sitting open too long
the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea
a peculiar malaise
a step further , richer and
freshman
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst
an actress
its cheesy screenplay
a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked
never really busts out of its comfy little cell
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring
sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings
are tops
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional
create and sustain a mood
as a real movie
of seeing justice served
entertaining enough , but nothing new
leaden and
that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned
americans to finally revel in its splendor
delicious pulpiness
notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips
it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .
ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document
useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
is its utter sincerity
the ticket you need
the kind of ` laugh therapy '
passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
of his character
enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs
blue hilarity
a laughable -- or rather
but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
burdened by the actor
sympathy and intelligence
the best script
astonishing voice cast
an unchanged dullard
is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role
has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
when there 's nothing else happening
on cable
it with ring ,
far from a groundbreaking endeavor
that these women are spectacular
it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
revelled in the entertaining shallows
good music documentary
wewannour money back , actually .
makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude
animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete
a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story
can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing .
a satisfying well-made romantic comedy
crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments
impressive performances
a great one
proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
of cerebral and cinemantic flair
oodles of charm
one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
exactly endearing
churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
delivers a magnetic performance .
a sumptuous work
are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes
of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects
the crap
consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt
sodden and glum
frequently hilarious
because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
i did n't laugh .
glued
it has its faults
nice twists
were already tired
rooting for the film
dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious
refreshingly forthright one
does somehow manage to get you under its spell
salient points
cruel story
defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
pretentious mess
campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution .
ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
derivative , overlong , and bombastic
the high infidelity
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny ,
, and yet at the end
actually means to face your fears
not a word of english
well-intentioned
wickedly sick and twisted humor
african american professionals
tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is
of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
emotionally and narratively complex
consider it ` perfection . '
, structure and rhythms
just too silly and
impressive and yet lacking about everything
starving and untalented
gets clunky on the screen
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita '' .
personality
to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
fails to rise above its disgusting source material
jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves
so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks
disappoints
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .
difficult for the audience
utterly misplaced
a spirited film
the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were
awakening and ripening
is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it
complex
been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers ,
is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors
were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
` blade ii ' just does n't cut it
seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings
) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
soul-stirring documentary
a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge
uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
an appealing couple --
juwanna mann
that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout
an extended , open-ended poem
and self-conscious seams
the weird thing
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
damn funny stuff
, the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .
despite its visual virtuosity , ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
so low in a poorly
is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit .
godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
because it overstays its natural running time
are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams
, compelling story
turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
a finale that is impenetrable and dull
a text to ` lick ,
like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise
charm , cultivation and devotion
as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
feels like three hours
very well-written
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance
very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact
potential success
pale xerox of other , better crime movies
reflective and beautifully
leaving the theater with a smile on your face
is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
one baaaaaaaaad movie
unfunny
we get the comedy we settle for .
hoary
be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality ,
'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it
, as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
an american
an unimaginative screenwriter 's
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
stylishly
a mess as this one
essentially ruined -- or , rather ,
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry
a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative ,
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
the rope snaps
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
fanciful drama
that delivers on the promise of excitement
deeply moving french drama
big-hearted and
, longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
sad ending
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .
adorable italian guys
critical
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .
with exquisite craftsmanship
here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
tens
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
what they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
... silly humbuggery ...
may prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece
typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine
might just be the movie you 're looking for
an affection
love to come from an american director in years
most resonant film since the killer .
works out
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
, ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
is great
spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy
, energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .
confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances
avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes .
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
death , especially
by the dynamic first act
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level
too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .
the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that .
the film 's plot may be shallow
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment .
` epic
easy to like
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies ,
a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather
`` frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''
are uncomfortably strained .
make the film more silly than scary ,
what makes it worth watching
has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .
huge disappointment coming
deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride
the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
wonderful , imaginative script
entirely witless
is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material
fun or
ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places ,
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller
a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
obscenity
stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies
can be viewed as pure composition and form --
look at that clever angle !
of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
the surprisingly somber conclusion
not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
tepid
's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
give each other the willies
( lee ) treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
is credible and remarkably mature
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .
of the unsung heroes of 20th century
that 's actually sort of amazing
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant
a streetwise mclaughlin group
funny and well-contructed
's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work
oversimplification , superficiality and silliness
overproduced
if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags
though he only scratches the surface
awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
visual splendor
lingering questions about what the film is really getting at
an ` action film ' mired in stasis
dragon
most intense
this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
carried out by men of marginal intelligence ,
dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
that the plot makes no sense
too bad none of it is funny .
can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels
well-meant
bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
america 's thirst for violence
so horrendously confusing
avarice
when you 're a struggling nobody
talkiness
`` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
manage to be spectacularly outrageous
cookie-cutter action scenes
of the best since the last waltz
to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade
a pale imitation
withered
pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report
a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent
writing , skewed characters ,
to provoke them
remarkable skill
is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
enough sentimental
crawl up your own ***
there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
that sends you out of the theater feeling
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study
engaging comedy
certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes
strong performances
is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .
folds under its own thinness .
itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
conceptual feat
, sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
genuine rather than pandering
randolph
great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
did i miss something ?
a porno flick
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
simply by accident
nothing special
never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
this movie 's lack of ideas
cynicism
take an entirely stale concept and
, wit and interesting characters
is an all-time low for kevin costner
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling
it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson
surprising flair
i liked it just enough .
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather .
some of the back-story is a little tired
nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
huppert ... is magnificent
puzzle whose pieces do not fit
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel ,
-- and long -- for its own good
of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun
intrigue
its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily
is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing
kid-empowerment
a fascinating , unnerving examination
could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
odoriferous thing
brilliantly written and well-acted
to gravity and plummets
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and
joy
is wickedly fun to watch
the imagined glory of their own pasts
deft
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .
does n't have a passion for the material .
but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
a climax
, scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys
neil burger 's impressive fake documentary
in looking at the comic effects of jealousy
is tenderly observant of his characters .
its dark , delicate treatment
has no idea of it is serious
brutal and
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery ,
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
classify as it is hard to resist
, undisputed scores a direct hit .
of menacing atmosphere
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic
perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
easy jokes and insults
quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
a sincerely crafted picture
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
long gone
the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .
is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce
an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
spontaneity in its execution
feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
spiderman rocks
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and
was n't one of the film 's virtues .
style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
stirs us as well .
a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
an uneven film for the most part
, the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
miracles
his storytelling skills have eroded
`` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme
, others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
, madonna is one helluva singer .
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and
will probably find it fascinating
good ear
undistinguished rhythm
have no idea what in creation is going on
fascinating but flawed look
spend years trying to comprehend it
is both a snore and utter tripe
to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
the gloss
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground
bitter italian comedy
banal dialogue
of the smarter offerings the horror genre
it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
optimism
but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself
as a tarantula , helga
like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out
been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand
wannabe comedy
afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
the better video-game-based flicks ,
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension
blasphemous bad
woozy quality
nothing interesting in unfaithful
sheds light
work as well as a remarkably faithful one
want to watch if you only had a week to live
one-dimensional buffoons
without a conclusion or pay off
is a tired one
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off
terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects
patient and tenacious
the most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . ''
too obviously
watch on video at home
the movie is loaded with good intentions
for occasional smiles
of all ages
bland , surfacey way
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and
it 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i
's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute
frightening war scenes
tremendous piece
must have been astronomically bad
the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult
goes by quickly
and that makes all the difference .
the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept
at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
spotty
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .
while the performances are often engaging
you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
solid filmmaking
his outstanding performance
's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers
perfect example
elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect
than an autopsy , the movie
exploitative and
offering fine acting moments and
a wacky , screwball comedy
solid , satisfying fare
-- a nice , harmless date film
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love .
of 2-day old coke
combines the enigmatic features of ` memento '
have all but ruined his career
worldly-wise and very funny
has you study them
get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
is n't just offensive
pop up in nearly every corner of the country
worth yet another visit
friendly
a deadly bore
would go back and choose to skip it
bravery
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .
too many clever things
a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit
come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
allowing us to find the small , human moments ,
desert
spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle
to be liberating
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
gorgeous color palette
starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together
, ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports
, still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
, but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , ( harris ) brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .
distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them
luridly graphic and
, clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
that should be thrown back in the river
drab
is almost
mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching .
still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly
display an original talent
but mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography
moments and an intelligent subtlety
to the brim with ideas
surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter
impressive talent
the chills
full of surprises
you sweat
i could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea
is still quite good-natured and
rich in color and creativity
found its audience ,
ends up being surprisingly dull
he feels like a spectator and not a participant
superficial .
visual charm
the filmmaking clumsy and rushed
watch this movie
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and
to surprise us with plot twists
ingenious fun
a crass and insulting homage to great films
have recharged him
rancorous curiosity
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it
sexy , funny and touching .
going to face frightening late fees
is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
is so engagingly
of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
that is as difficult for the audience to take as it
putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
a rip-off
an obvious copy
depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy
care
laced
with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
a real movie
seem to match the power of their surroundings
a pleasing way with a metaphor
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family
pretty damned funny
flash but little emotional resonance
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels .
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer
of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results
provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
a cast of a-list brit actors
... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls
total misfire
storytelling skills
into the `` a '' range , as is
at least now we 've got something pretty damn close
therapy-dependent flakeball
can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .
not scarier
entertaining , if ultimately minor ,
lovely and
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale
from a woodland stream
unfortunately , it runs for 170
inspiring and
hero performances
blah
the result is somewhat satisfying --
unlikeable
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again .
a true delight .
most original fantasy film
it 's not scary in the slightest .
which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better
that shows what great cinema can really do
seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics
of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ?
is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is
good-looking
it does n't give a damn
done that ... a thousand times
artificiality
few things in this world more complex --
thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
what could have
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
are a little peculiar
a striking style behind the camera
is surprisingly refreshing .
gratitude
sucks
does n't trust laughs
is n't the actor to save it .
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed
dated
has a sure hand
is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor
is spot
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers
has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry
all the usual spielberg flair
got as potent a topic as ever here
wang )
overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
sobering and powerful documentary
spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful .
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses
for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 .
understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
did n't sell many records but
the payoff is powerful and revelatory
disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence .
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
the under-7 crowd
the strange horror
that works on any number of levels
funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
panic
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .
is better
sound so dull
the rest of the cast is uniformly superb
it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
his most daring , and complicated , performances
smart , sassy and exceptionally charming
far less
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .
, compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art
lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it
a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience
're in a slap-happy mood
journalistically dubious , inept
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like
's loud and boring
hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
see because the theater
grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him
's quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
you 'll cheer .
finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
entrapment in the maze of modern life
is a convincing one ,
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and
the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat
of an alternative lifestyle
, twisted sort
not as outrageous or funny
gives hollywood sequels
forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
pick up new admirers
flawed and
satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago
( a ) painfully flat gross-out comedy
stiff
surprisingly charming
is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film
crucifixion
's also disappointing to a certain degree .
weirdness
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .
, you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd .
truest sense
present an unflinching look
audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying
to enjoy its own transparency
does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter
made with an enormous amount of affection
to engross even the most antsy youngsters
he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause
is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
caring for animals and
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying
bold colors
schütte 's dramatic snapshot
soon-to-be-forgettable
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat
is powerful and revelatory
visually dazzling
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity
a worthwhile moviegoing experience
the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
consistently amusing
have given this movie a rating of zero
two star script
the script has less spice than a rat burger and
technical proficiency
to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .
feel like mopping up
gadgets
what can easily be considered career-best performances
the pseudo-educational stuff
davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate
gutsy and
good stuff
-- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain .
shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
no foundation
is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction
cheery
, uncompromising
searing performances
dearly
the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids
, cliche-ridden
pathetic
when a movie has stuck around for this long
-- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way --
provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater
a lifetime
for the kids
the perfect festival film
so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation
the touch
stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
morgen and nanette burstein
that graze the funny bone
a tap-dancing rhino
to avoid
sensuality
an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema
arthur schnitzler 's reigen
takes no apparent joy
does n't quite go the distance
itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day
elegance and maturity
a truly , truly bad movie
a played-out idea
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir
construct a story
're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
adequately fills the eyes
standout
features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase
its inescapable absurdities
quirky and fearless
seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle '
quickly forgettable
in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
spits out
a film you will never forget
vibrant and
also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
intelligent observations
overly familiar scenario
falls
whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile
funny
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
a pair of fascinating performances
( cattaneo ) sophomore slump
goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
sentimental script
inherently funny
ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
is honestly
demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
grant is certainly amusing , but
cheesy b-movie playing
looking like something wholly original
unshapely look
full of funny situations and honest observations
is a step down for director gary fleder
been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
of the best next generation episodes
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .
of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack
runs out of steam after a half hour
with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy
's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge
schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins ,
nervous
rock solid family fun out of the gates ,
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope :
it looks like an action movie , but
ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context
the u.s.
hmmm
make chan 's action sequences boring .
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance
please eastwood 's loyal fans
what punk rock music used to be
work and 2002 's first great film
wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself
which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
genuinely enthusiastic performances
tortured and self-conscious material
funny ,
argentinean ` dramedy '
his best film
really , really stupid
recalls the classics of early italian neorealism
it 's like a drive-by .
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor
it is not worth
seen city
watch these two together
myopic
at once visceral and spiritual
makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .
a pretty good team
run through its otherwise comic narrative .
a much better mother-daughter tale
really cool bit
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood
big-hearted
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport
the film never feels draggy
it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
salvos hitting a discernible target .
it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
come to love
superb
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .
, or inventive
has a spirit that can not be denied
as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
what 's with all the shooting
of ` ethnic cleansing
without neglecting character development for even one minute
really poor comedic writing
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying ,
more plot
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
this enthralling documentary
does steven seagal come across these days ?
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized
lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story
end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character
a brilliant college student
loose , unaccountable
it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
all ca n't stand
even murphy 's expert comic timing and
who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
great for the kids
'' has-been
be easy for critics to shred it
a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series
, big-hearted and frequently
drooling idiots
did n't connect with me would require another viewing
they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...
like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty
a searing lead performance
menacing atmosphere
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but
are many definitions of ` time waster '
hours of material to discuss
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .
luminous interviews
the script 's refusal of a happy ending
alternating with lots of sloppiness
gets old quickly
of the obvious cliches
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood
leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors
using them as punching bags
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism
exhausted , desiccated talent
the laziness and arrogance
low-tech magic realism
`` spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
this delightful comedy
vapid
a worthwhile effort
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
extraordinary access
so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing
highly engaging .
wisdom and emotion
fascinating , unnerving examination
watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two
affection for its characters
mixes in as much humor as pathos
a complete moron
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
few nice twists
a moving story
a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing
not only better than its predecessor
funny and , in the end , very touching
too skewed to ever get a hold on
thriller as lazy as it is interminable
's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
a funny , puzzling movie
, i enjoyed it just as much !
stooping
with a completely predictable plot
solid base
by bad luck and their own immaturity
to a strangely sinister happy ending
had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
, pathetic , starving and untalented
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .
has merit and
, with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .
both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
not that any of us
astonish and entertain
play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution
a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
having been slimed in the name of high art
shooting itself
, sterile and lacking
elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe
been worth cheering as a breakthrough
all credibility flies out the window .
corny television
fights the good fight in vietnam
engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay
rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy
things really get weird , though not particularly scary :
hughes comedy
the disjointed
assumes you are n't very bright
is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
's not entirely memorable
heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose
daring and beautifully made
, you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .
works against itself
i hated myself in the morning .
with efficiency and an affection for the period
confection that 's pure entertainment
bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority
the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor
is impressive
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .
... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
of the jokes , most at women 's expense
fascination , and
amazing slapstick
low , very low ,
weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen
leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
is even worse
the inspiration of the original
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't
fine idea
mawkish
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .
the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
so stupid
a good chance of being the big
wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
it 's a masterpeice .
a sour taste
, much better .
but on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie .
a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role
are too simplistic to maintain interest
most wondrously gifted artists
rushed ,
relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .
thanks to the presence of ` the king
surreal ache of mortal awareness
the unexplored story opportunities of `` punch-drunk love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson .
by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others
economical
as powerful rather than cloying
its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant
does n't add up to a whole lot .
in perfect balance
ridicule factor
thriller `` new best friend ''
barbershop is n't as funny as it should be
spider invasion comic chiller
long , slow and dreary
video games are more involving than this mess .
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness
inspiration and
witty dialogue and inventive moments
the creative animation work
slice of comedic bliss
a fluid and mesmerizing sequence
doing its namesake proud
although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired
a renowned indian film culture
the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .
30 seconds of plot
, it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
was better
interesting story
a marvel of production design .
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital
they do n't fit well together and
the pushiness and decibel volume
diverse
rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting
deep intelligence and
bad-movie
than their funny accents
fun , popcorn movies
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .
uniqueness
interesting and thoroughly
( shyamalan ) turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
does seem pretty unbelievable at times
those monologues stretch on and on
a perfect wildean actor
you wo n't be disappointed
friendship ,
put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable .
virtuoso throat-singing
recognize
gives human nature its unique feel
every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy
ferrara 's best film
uneventful
you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness
establishes its ominous mood and tension
almost unbearably
has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed
loved ones
me as unusually and unimpressively fussy
is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish
gorgeousness .
the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire
of domestic tension and unhappiness
very talented
the movie dragged on
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
is definitely a director to watch .
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona ,
into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
make this a charmer .
his lack
the year 's greatest adventure
both the beauty of the land and the people
entirely irony-free
how it washed out despite all of that
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying
laugh once ( maybe twice )
a one-of-a-kind work
perfectly entertaining summer diversion
many can aspire but none can equal
retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's
is n't a very involving one
simpler , leaner
pointless extremes
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work
... hokey art house pretension .
because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
( hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable
a potentially trite and overused concept
... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head
closed
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up
struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
useless
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
faltering half-step
... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
intricately constructed
a fantastically vital movie
sensitive and
survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
the master of disguise is awful .
entertaining and , ultimately ,
those gimmicks
, barbershop is tuned in to its community .
to be wholesome and subversive at the same time
fail
has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy
combustible mixture
dry and
pleasing verisimilitude
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
works beautifully
to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .
the masterful british actor ian holm
above superficiality
be intriguing
stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .
absurd collection
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin
too safe
is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple .
of virtually plotless meanderings
'll still be glued to the screen
of boring
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .
likely to find compelling
made on the cheap
has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
great scares and
nor a cliché left unsaid
giddy and provocative sexual
the most highly-praised disappointments i
unconvincing
a few good ideas
unbearable when it is n't merely offensive
see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead
delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
tasty
the spectacle of small-town competition
terrific role
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film
viewed as pure composition and form --
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
problems and
dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost
unrecoverable life
so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
, festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
misfire that even tunney ca n't save
vivid characters
watch these two together again
undergo radical changes when it suits the script
a finely tuned mood
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...
'' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
you want the story to go on and on
assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
is part of the fun
overwrought
sterling
tells a deeper story
that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
uneasily
the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
a backbone
the hook
suck the audience in
strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket
courageous scottish lady
feel like you were n't invited to the party
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .
edgy thriller
as the film breaks your heart
the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .
from a stunningly unoriginal premise
the film does pack some serious suspense .
tiring
'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you
tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony
proves itself a more streamlined
with remarkable serenity and discipline
does the nearly impossible
there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck
too much syrup
its critical backlash
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics
becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
was inspired
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
bland songs
like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
that was hard for me to warm up to
beyond the end zone
figures prominently in this movie
staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
'' exceeds expectations .
inventiveness
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set
sit through -- despite some first-rate performances
the action is dazzling
director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
held hostage
is visually ravishing
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
will prefer this new version
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as
it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
wall
despite slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
, crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
strange and beautiful film .
's just too boring and obvious
, uneven action comedy
all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
funny fanatics
fantastic movie
make love a joy to behold .
better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
nothing but an episode
their bodies
is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
showcases a group of dedicated artists
the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting
very , very good reasons
the pleasures of a well-made pizza
an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
rather simplistic
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .
's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
the movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power
lost and desolate
tears welled up in my eyes both times
potentially good comic premise
what once was conviction is now affectation
tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters
as fascinating
that with really poor comedic writing
offers few surprises
hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all -
weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
war-weary marine
painfully padded .
a sharp , amusing study of the cult
entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action
flirts with propaganda
of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick
agreed
to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity
is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise
including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen
he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
paul cox needed to show it .
skip this dreck
marginal intelligence
delightfully so
that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
nevertheless , it still seems endless .
a few laughs
vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .
this is just lazy writing .
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation
are of the highest and the performances
zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next .
with so much first-rate talent
in welcome perspective
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ...
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances
the visuals , even erotically frank ones ,
meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
believe that resident evil is not it .
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work
upbeat ending
pokemon 4ever
for granted in most films are mishandled here
smug grin
's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?
, moving , and adventurous directorial debut
skillfully assembled ,
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why
samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is .
treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
grabs you
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but
to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
sustain interest to the end
should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! ''
own ambitious goals
that 's enough to sustain laughs
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony
in hero worship
feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject
unexpected flashes of dark comedy
is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts
inspiration
lifelong concern
a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout
neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
delightfully
brilliant and brutal
repeated at least four times
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
futile
month
-- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting
collapses under its own meager weight .
a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted
flat , unconvincing
the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 .
unusual homes
, beautifully realized
the misery
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly
is this so boring
such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen
with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
pretty good little movie
that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
that the movie has no idea of it is serious or
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .
willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
here a more annoying , though less angry
hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss
( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
warped logic
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .
the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
about death
often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
the best of hollywood 's comic-book
, brilliant and macabre
bitter nor sweet
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
the film 's saving graces
irreparably
is a riveting , brisk delight .
slapstick and unfunny tricks
, bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
so warm and fuzzy
surefire , beloved genres
abysmally
making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time
some real vitality and even art
dumb fart
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?
logical , unforced continuation
contrived , awkward
that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels
is among wiseman 's warmest .
that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard
's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed
... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .
`` gangs '' is never lethargic
bravura performance
whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films
beautiful scene
uninspired preachy and clichéd war
updated dickensian sensibility
the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
, the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
however , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again
too much norma rae
technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive
the best the contest received
suffers from all the excesses
is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
` it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '
is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
seen as hip , winking social commentary
rare family movie
no laughs .
little less bling-bling and a lot more
his machismo
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life
the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special
beautiful work
sane and breathtakingly creative film
wonder
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale --
hide new secretions
's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness
a pathetically
dull-witted and disquietingly creepy
a consummate actor incapable of being boring
becomes too heavy for the plot
with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost
traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
gratingly unfunny
in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute
has a solid emotional impact .
troubled and
sketchiest
holm does his sly , intricate magic ,
britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel
emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
will find millions of eager fans .
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime .
presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but )
for some major alterations
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in
relatively dry
... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
too easy
of these tragic deaths
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication
bump in the night and nobody cares
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but
is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream
falls to the floor with a sickening thud
's little to recommend snow dogs
the sick character
sentimental mess
that the movie does not do them justice
its story
astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
exudes the urbane sweetness
this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
take me back to a time
induces headaches
takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids
julie taymor 's preposterous titus
be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
ultimately undo him
you turn stupid
humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life
delightfully unpredictable , hilarious
a computer-generated cold fish
, one hour photo lives down to its title .
worldly-wise and very funny script
as a fairly weak retooling
polished and vastly entertaining
resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply
satisfyingly unsettling ride
the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
search of purpose or even a plot
an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers
terrible
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong
the best espionage picture
lan yu never catches dramatic fire .
tens of thousands of german jewish refugees
some startling , surrealistic moments
annoying rather than charming
is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
impeccable comic timing
do well to cram earplugs in their ears and
is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen
takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck
for its excellent storytelling , its economical
is generous and deep
failed
most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
it 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success
the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments
superbly
french coming-of-age import
capable of anteing up some movie star charisma
a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
sad but
esteemed
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
problematic quest
substantial or fresh
watchable by a bravura performance
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
misdemeanor
, has solid acting and a neat premise
is infectious
it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
sad schlock merchant
its poignancy hooks us completely
less bling-bling
slickly staged
sluggish pace and lack
relies on subtle ironies and visual devices
exaggerated action
are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting
a movie to forget
's fun ,
the central flaw of the film
's too loud
wallowing in its characters ' frustrations
the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy
makes the journey feel like a party
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
truly , truly bad
on , well , love in the time of money
the story 's scope and pageantry
uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
a quaint , romanticized rendering
be glued to the screen
warmth and
the plot has a number of holes ,
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid
oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk
clever , amusing and unpredictable
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
rambling incoherence
has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances
, intelligent eyes
scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm
france 's most inventive directors
the ideal outlet
were convinced to waste their time
's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
created a masterful work of art of their own
linklater
( green is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
no . .
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company
, you still have to see this !
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .
proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .
get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized
display greatness
it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
the gentle comic treatment
is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
grounded in an undeniable social realism
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy
, ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
none of this sounds promising and
the film is well worthwhile .
patience , respect and affection
every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
uncomfortably close to losing my lunch
to give them credit for : the message of the movie
remotely new or interesting
can hear you snore
says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
, sloppy
falls far short
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle .
be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop
appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché
see her esther blossom as an actress ,
delivers big time
that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff
smear
a thriller with an edge
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion
dubious human being
there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
conquers
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .
to show us why it 's compelling
is hardly a masterpiece
, the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
emerge with unimpeachable clarity
for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events
poorly-constructed comedy
aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice
rousing , g-rated family film
absurdist wit
a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis
hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
bill morrison 's decasia
usually dread encountering the most
sure to win viewers ' hearts
ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
must have been lost in the translation .
despite auteuil 's performance
option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
the thin veneer
the delicate forcefulness
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness
will just as likely make you weep
's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .
nation
is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
scream low budget
the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
of the potential for sanctimoniousness
interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity
lacks dramatic punch and depth
david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
you want to slap it
great performances , stylish cinematography and
can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
garden music video
nice piece of work
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
a re-hash
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?
tired old vision
lame
snl '' has-been
horrible .
a pretentious and
is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade
any movie with a life-affirming message
to the experience
even worse
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen
tub-thumpingly loud
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg
is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
highly uneven
one of the most exciting action films
offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience
is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
cliché-riddled genre
a better script
, then go see this delightful comedy .
disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
absurdist
seem like a bad idea from frame one
of grace
bright shining star
romantic and serenely
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .
ick
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture
is far from disappointing ,
cliffhanger
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .
fussing over too weak a recipe
touched by an unprecedented tragedy
looking for a return ticket to realism
really is enormously good fun .
includes battlefield earth and showgirls
for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
over-the-top trash
that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
because of the universal themes , earnest performances
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes ,
's nothing wrong with that
convincing portrayal
it drags during its 112-minute length
, it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad ,
aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
sports extravaganza
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and
loose , poorly structured film
and as bland
it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for ''
its audience giddy
implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history
piercing
its recycled aspects ,
its true-to-life characters ,
limpid and conventional historical fiction
pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
dark to be decipherable
stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites
seem to match the power of their surroundings .
that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise ,
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical
is dark , brooding and slow
hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
handed down from the movie gods
are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .
that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness
get excited about on this dvd
'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
of artifice and purpose
that surprises or delights
is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .
was immensely enjoyable
pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale
easier to digest
contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
what an idea , what a thrill ride .
from a television monitor
no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile
a good human
the most surprising thing about this film
unfortunately also
a great american adventure
imaginative
of his most daring , and complicated , performances
aimless , arduous ,
too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
is where ararat went astray .
prove diverting enough
to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
a generic bloodbath
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
the novel charm
pathetic idea
a bad improvisation exercise ,
a major waste ... generic
only surprise
as beautiful , desirable
come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
wonderful fencing scenes and
sure , it 's contrived and predictable
absolute joy
heart as important as humor
creative energy and wit to entertain all ages
into a poem of art , music and metaphor
laughed that hard in years
this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
, assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
mostly fool 's gold
know what it wants to be when it grows up
its amiable jerking
emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment
a boring , pretentious muddle
, it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie
gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality
would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects
not only a pianist , but a good human being
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .
owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm
well-put-together
is so rich with period minutiae
grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor
is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
more ambivalent set
i ca n't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
rambles aimlessly
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
sweeping , dramatic
numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .
edits
is n't entirely persuasive
smart and well-crafted
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and
some laughs and a smile
derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but
the movie is better than you might think .
by a british cast
an intimate feeling
recommended --
tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims
a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
humble , teach and ultimately
first-class , natural acting and
gross-out humor
solemn pretension
about memory and regret
best indie of the year , so far .
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen ( vega ) and juni ( sabara ) cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end
enjoyable family fare
a more mythic level
strong supporting players
watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement
is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !
well-behaved film
a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
of a handsome and well-made entertainment
, you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
, i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings
best little `` horror '' movie
amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
found a cult favorite
feels familiar and tired
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody
familiar , funny
imaginatively mixed
cold blanket
no idea what in creation is going on
i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere ,
a century and a half ago
sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture ,
bad movie .
being neither
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration
a huge heart
lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold
the wrong things
kids-cute sentimentality
raunchy and frequently hilarious
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long
improvise and scream
big bad love
the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia .
do n't want to think too much about what 's going on
what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors
delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph
rich with period minutiae
sick , twisted sort
just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on
laziness and arrogance
two fatal ailments
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy .
this clever and very satisfying picture
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks
the trailer is a riot .
, this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
no rooting interest
remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny .
entertaining thriller
this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair
robotically italicized
incompetent cops
mind-numbing
become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters
common sense
bodacious
this director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile ,
well-meant but unoriginal .
we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
thuds
setting distracts
asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ...
of this sad , compulsive life
told and retold
joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins
in the series
written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
slow
be a single iota worse
protect your community
a bit repetitive
elegant
meaningful cinema
strongest film
dumb gags , anatomical humor ,
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story
a stupid , derivative horror film
this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy
revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
efficient
can certainly go the distance ,
with a teeth-clenching gusto
delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling
helpful
succeeds through sincerity .
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done .
exceptional performances
it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors .
i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
has value can not be denied .
amusing for a good while
clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera
make a delightful comedy centering on food
imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
staggeringly unoriginal terms
contradictory things
a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
compelling investigation
french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama
are no special effects , and no hollywood endings .
has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best
i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next
you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
masterpiece
as a friend
abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
rated eee for excitement .
made the full monty a smashing success
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd
to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor
is a complete mess
honestly
intriguing and downright intoxicating
slick and sprightly cgi feature
the hilarious writer-director himself
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in
throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ;
have a bad , bad , bad movie
for no apparent reason except
see a better thriller
, it drags
that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash
reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon
the feel of poetic tragedy
had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
lack depth or complexity ,
, this is the ultimate movie experience
cerebral
i stay positive
be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still
a believable mother/daughter pair
1993 classic
pretty funny movie
-- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
dinner guest
degenerates
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting
students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
told with humor and poignancy
an unexpectedly sweet story
it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
the problems with the film
analyze this , not
expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
sounds like horrible poetry
to ignite sparks
is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
so intimate
it does so without compromising that complexity .
most charmless
love , family
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
endearing , masterful
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .
a dull girl ,
you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
graceful , moving tribute
is enticing
we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment
make fun of me for liking showgirls
as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother
mediocre
the songs translate well to film
to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points
the joy the characters take in this creed
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich
romantic comedy
no solace here , no entertainment value
madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
in rapt attention
is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
get lost in the murk of its own making
woozy
is its reliance on formula , though
if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
an interesting technical exercise
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
is a visual treat for all audiences .
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and
some body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .
been there done that
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs
the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph
in a dead-end existence
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise
the painstaking
the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
you 'll regret
do all three quite well ,
funnier version of the old police academy flicks .
a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds
a sweet and modest and
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
strikes a potent chemistry with molina
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
to the energetic and always surprising performance
yong kang
it looks good
well-crafted letdown .
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material
about hatred
his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '
flailing reputation
might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) .
well-deserved reputation
just is n't very funny .
deeper and more engaging
their lamentations are pretty much self-centered )
insightfully
's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
arresting
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
worthy predecessors
idol
into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
it 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
, danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
adams just copies from various sources --
trashy fun
as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy
of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family
tasty performance
some kind of goofy grandeur
worshipful
a gripping documentary that
a brazil-like , hyper-real satire
a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
not the craven of ' a nightmare
its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
a love story as sanguine as its title
movie dawdle
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
stay away
gets under your skin and , some plot blips
pretty much delivers on that promise .
hard time
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings
it wo n't hold up over the long haul ,
feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
boasting this many genuine cackles
religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and
will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades
be a huge cut of above the rest
genuinely unnerving
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience ,
cheap-looking
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .
the whole thing never existed
it shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
big fat pain .
independent or
and crude storyline
the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
a brilliant college student --
for humor in so many teenage comedies
far-flung
first-rate , especially sorvino
transparent attempts
feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life
can relate
it feels accidental
be said to squander jennifer love hewitt
most entertaining moments
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable
far more impact
you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be .
inadequate
watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
gang
hanukkah
the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work
virtually nothing to show
the hackneyed story
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth
, dumb
veiling tension
with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery
justify his exercise
kitschy goodwill
modern art
pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
work the words `` radical '' or `` suck ''
wise and elegiac ...
of the creative act
a spirited film and a must-see
is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
, luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine
its superior cast
is a remarkably original work
's appealingly manic and energetic
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '
actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode
has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life
sympathizing with terrorist motivations
a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
, wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
a solid cast
is worth seeking .
technically
chuckles
amounts to little more than punishment
the music makes a nice album ,
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie
've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
, there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from ,
stylized sequences
to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
sinks into by-the-numbers territory
more enjoyable than i expected
at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions --
's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can
manages , with terrific flair
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham
on both sides it falls short
marvelous series
does n't have all the answers
the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray
seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
the filmmaker would disagree
connection or identification frustratingly
provide insight
turned out to be a one-trick pony
's hard to resist
found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally
rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek
short running
fake , dishonest
... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
then you 're in for a painful ride .
director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention
inspired '' was a lot funnier
can do even more damage
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing
encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
quiet , confident
a legal thriller
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer
feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo
you do n't care who fires the winning shot
can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
, thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
mind crappy movies as much as adults ,
deliberately and skillfully
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
too many films
banal , virulently unpleasant excuse
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen
are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent .
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
smile-button faces
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
like mike shoots and scores
the none-too-original premise
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
leave us with a sense of wonder
barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle
to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
did n't care .
precocious
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre
a twisted sense of humor
the power-lunchers do n't care to understand
performers who rarely work in movies now
that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it
utilizing
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness ,
the proverbial paint dry
once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
bad and
ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
michel
(
deeply humanistic artist
the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` never again . ''
for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical
as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema
the only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
personal tragedy and
is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia
repetitive
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children
joyful
, thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .
they could have been in a more ambitious movie
hard to be emotional
as a pink slip
was reading the minds of the audience .
your pulse ever racing
ca n't miss it .
interesting and
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped
is first-rate , especially sorvino .
anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
of the outstanding thrillers of recent years
purports
there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
with the best of herzog 's works
's plenty to enjoy
designed as a reverie about memory and regret ,
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem
is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ?
excellent
incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
play out realistically if not always fairly .
imitation movie
let the subtitles fool you
a morbid one
's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow
achingly honest
nice little story
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .
tiresome as 9
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart
a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace
, a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks
its awkward structure and a final veering
is beautiful and mysterious
is very original
, it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation
a confusing drudgery .
sitting through this one
it 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting ,
is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .
remarkable performances
possibly the worst film
the three leads produce adequate performances ,
confusing
a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
historically significant work
is exceedingly pleasant
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone
compelling new material
this distinguished actor would stoop so low
this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
is surely
's far from a groundbreaking endeavor
probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters
exhilarating new interpretation
that 's been done before
chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and
sweet
an intelligent movie
's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role
hollywood fluff
manipulative
like ravel 's bolero
a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
overcome his personal obstacles and
sam mendes
create something original
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .
be smarter and more diabolical
even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making
if good-hearted
is n't heated properly ,
gets around to its real emotional business
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
, hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
her defiance
a 90-minute , four-star movie
is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst
downright creepy
a limp eddie murphy
have potential
, lacks fellowship 's heart
a sun-drenched masterpiece ,
obnoxious and didactic burlesque
this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
are sexy
extraordinary debut from josh koury .
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation
bad bluescreen
empathy and pity fogging up the screen ...
cheapen
to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation
as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia ,
who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
treasure
thoroughly enjoyed the love story
be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story
sparkling newcomer
the paper-thin characterizations
takes big bloody chomps out
have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
impress about e.t.
the talents of his top-notch creative team
laughably , irredeemably awful .
is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
than its fair share of saucy
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...
enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
inspirational love story
pile too many `` serious issues ''
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride
is conversational bordering on confessional
effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
have a good shot
strong as always
one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another
watered down
reverent , and subtly different
the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen
a good idea
the jokes are flat ,
the director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .
especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera
grab your kids and run and then probably call the police
sitcom-worthy solutions
an intensely lived time
plotting and mindless
to add the magic that made it all work
is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying
an object lesson in period filmmaking
air of gentle longing
while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film
than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .
is a career-defining revelation .
funny and fun
witty dialog between realistic characters
, why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?
the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
doze off during this one
watch , giggle
a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block
baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
by its own pretentious self-examination
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
turmoil
long-faced sad sack
a flawed but engrossing thriller
a rude black comedy
pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart
christian love
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .
the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue .
sickeningly
strangely funny
the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency
a perfect medium
plays like a tired tyco ad .
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place
sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
a classy , sprightly spin on film .
is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
makes the grade as tawdry trash .
hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
of extraordinary journalism
turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
pill to swallow
's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it
dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor
too clear
are simply dazzling ,
raw urban humor
returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
you 're likely to see all year .
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind
tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
the funny bone
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time ,
bad taste
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and
career - kids = misery )
a bad premise , just
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper
recite some of this laughable dialogue
mandy moore leaves a positive impression
it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon
more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge '
laughs are lacking
for easy , seductive pacing
in this elegant entertainment
too good to be bad
a lot of warmth
, every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists
a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .
big-budget/all-star movie
meaningless
that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
is as consistently engaging as it is revealing
portray themselves
, ( goldbacher ) just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
to really care
take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire
same old garbage
the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half
but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner
a passion for the material
is a fascinating little tale .
skip this dreck , rent animal house
is that it goes nowhere
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care
the most resolutely unreligious parents
seeking an existent anti-virus
part biography , part entertainment
goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
so compelling
fails to fascinate
i have a new favorite musical --
common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .
of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
sink this ` sub '
once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ...
found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
enough sardonic
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .
seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
that seagal 's overweight and out of shape
ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .
in a bid to hold our attention
it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions
to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone
ditsy
grace
detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world
sweet , and intermittently hilarious
far more often than the warfare
you feel like a chump
is n't a bad film
self-flagellation
it makes up for in heart .
its title implies
was worth your seven bucks
corny dialogue and preposterous moments
topic
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational
to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
organic intrigue
car chase
help this movie one bit
the rock on a wal-mart budget
evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .
is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
so aggressively cheery
cut their losses -- and ours -- and
would be terrific to read about
bewilderingly
, it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
oddly colorful and
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child
is clearly a good thing
frustrating
than franchise possibilities
but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
do n't know what she 's doing in here
romp that 's always fun to watch
, one would hope for the best
of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us
a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries ,
as mushy as peas
is a genuinely bone-chilling tale
these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change ,
incoherence and sub-sophomoric
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare
would n't make trouble every day any better
a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque
such a graphic treatment of the crimes
into a deadly bore
rich , shadowy black-and-white
a fascinating glimpse of urban life
the film sits with square conviction
one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
have a 90-minute , four-star movie
great writer
remarkable movie
, the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
, well-crafted psychological study
through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser
in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
to be genuinely satisfying
a genre gem
to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
sylvie testud is icily brilliant .
chillingly
politically charged
witty , vibrant , and intelligent .
seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
the perfect star vehicle
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .
befuddling
's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
becoming a better person through love
what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
the last kiss is really all about performances .
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises ,
a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
that might have made no such thing
gondry 's direction is adequate
experimentation and improvisation
`` superior ''
the extraordinarily rich landscape
clever ways
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .
a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues '
thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
leonine power
so primitive in technique
how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier
bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you
the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?
both excellent
groan
's also too stupid
supernatural thriller
`` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
exquisite , unfakable sense
captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock
a ray of hope
obvious or self-indulgent
dated and unfunny
a slow death
impassive a manner
the movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster .
, harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
has no point and
the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
never once predictable .
stick to his day job
every joke is repeated at least four times .
a serious contender for the title
is pure , exciting moviemaking .
set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock .
( reynolds ) takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
calm , self-assured portrait
can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
extends to his supple understanding of the role
on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie .
is ultimately
is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
a quaint
is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction
's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
the characters seem one-dimensional ,
the timeless spectacle of people
does little that is actually funny with the material
most frightening
it 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story
harmless fun .
large-format
constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure ,
around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears
's both charming and
soulful , scathing and joyous
the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
an ` a ' list cast
, those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
got
you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie
a decomposition
feels impersonal , almost generic
has a compelling story to tell .
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller
, one the public rarely sees .
of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
pained
lost his touch
is too long with too little going on .
is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script
, accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
` just letting the mountain tell you what to do
is a visual treat
powerfully evocative mood
a must-own
hilarious place to visit
performed a difficult task indeed
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating
ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
luckiest
, i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
aged past his prime
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy
its own clichés
a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ;
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen
the first lousy guy ritchie imitation
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth
occasion
to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater
concept doofus
get a kick out of goofy brits
that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling
( and fairly unbelievable ) finale
only scratches the surface
something vital about the movie
an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
cinematic postcard
a thriller
's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films ,
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and ,
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
natural and
bargain-basement special
no wit , only labored gags
has a huge heart
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers
look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten
a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
in amusing us
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .
the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america
quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic
it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
this three-hour endurance test
well-paced and
unexpectedly sweet story
awfully good , achingly human
the heart of the film
like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it
the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
of his reserved but existential poignancy
creative animation work
it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .
really get inside of them
lust and love
that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub '
laughing
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein ,
ominous mood and tension
competent direction
burns 's strongest film
hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
want a real movie
hollywood disregard
weaving a theme throughout this funny film
a potentially good comic premise
a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format
soulless techno-tripe
to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart
originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller
of continuity errors
it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy
sent back to the tailor for some major alterations
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' ,
is left slightly unfulfilled
deserving of its oscar nomination
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose
the poor quality of pokemon 4
joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank ,
the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative
rock solid family fun
will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
a barf bag
300 years of russian history and culture
winning portrayal
of warmth and humor
sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick
will have you talking 'til the end of the year
that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
cliched
the real-life story is genuinely inspirational
wonderfully warm
, interestingly told film .
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .
too many tried-and-true shenanigans
seem more like medicine
a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich
emotionally intense
a bump on the head
friendship , love , and
comedies to hit the screen in years
ultimately fails
the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
refreshingly realistic ,
it 's a sad , sick sight
... rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
appealing about the characters
, potent exploration
feel like a short stretched out to feature length
a recycled and dumbed-down version
energy and wit to entertain all ages
she gets to fulfill her dreams
be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming
that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie
, elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough
sweet , funny , charming , and
by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
how to make us share their enthusiasm
loosely tied
feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick
which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake -
except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
a lovely film ...
create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time
well worthwhile
feels the dimming of a certain ambition
is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much
for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling
its writer-director 's
it 's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
bomb
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised
skip the film and
colorfully
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen
who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
it is
convincing
bits funnier
that stubbornly refused to gel
has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .
all the bad things
is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .
the enticing prospect
prettiest pictures
engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired
are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels
is laughingly
is more than a movie
perfectly rendered
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie .
suspenseful
intriguing and honorable
about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise
like a fish that 's lived too long
is more accurately chabrolian .
this is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
found it weirdly appealing
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled
has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
contemplation
exciting documentary .
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .
plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air
a compelling piece
beautifully sung holiday carol
best work
famous moments
he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
lovely and amazing
nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
, in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
it unexpectedly rewarding
's no rooting interest
forgettable
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination
downright comically evil
preachy and clichéd
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness
through its otherwise comic narrative
enlivens
dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances
a great american adventure and
the director 's talent
the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
` wow ' factor
is well crafted , and well executed
very stupid and annoying
it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt .
that it 's also one of the smartest
contenders
undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy
i wo n't be sitting through this one again
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
put through torture for an hour and a half
a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
most wondrous
the movie is without intent .
incredibly captivating and insanely funny
, the four feathers comes up short
the most entertaining monster movies
stellar
keep it from being simpleminded
visual flair
done-to-death material
bad people
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards
donovan ... squanders his main asset
rude and
stink bomb .
i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen
strip it of all its excess debris ,
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
its pretensions
throw smoochy from the train !
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin
becomes compulsively watchable
dull ,
work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse
triteness
evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls
is all the more remarkable because it
keep it up
certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone
unpleasantly
if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
a return ticket
hardened indie-heads
a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless
takes to describe how bad it is
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry
movie rapes
... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language .
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries
snow dogs deserves every single one of them
incredibly layered and stylistic film
at a snail 's pace
a better satiric target
flair and bouncing bravado
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
get weird ,
the execution is pretty weary
is at once intimate and universal cinema
complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days
surgeon mends
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
flawless film , ( wang )
no palpable chemistry
's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull
uncreative
its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
lustrous polished
offers an interesting look
can not engage
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya .
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible
as visually bland
look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role
this somewhat tired premise
are your cup of blood
limps along
a terrific effort
go down in the annals of cinema
remarkably original work
it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers
excruciatingly unfunny and
its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
unmistakable , easy joie
, touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects
entirely stale concept
will amuse or entertain them
wobbly premise work
drifts aimlessly
town
is an uneven film for the most part
does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers
of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism
a cold movie
hard-sell image-mongering
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .
story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre
lie
, its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes .
less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese
interesting and accessible
has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
, remote , emotionally distant piece
crime drama
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
sexy , and rousing
may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
, the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
its premise is smart
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
's tv sitcom material at best
resident evil
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and
forget its absurdity .
was kind of terrific once
mind-numbing indifference
ambition but no sense of pride or shame
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though
a crucial third act miscalculation
the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel
the soulful nuances
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles
value whatsoever
tricky and satisfying
, cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
's very beavis and butthead ,
sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions
ripoff
is long on narrative and ( too ) short
hastily written
has some problems
remains vividly in memory long
made the first one charming
take it
a fifty car pileup of cliches
're struggling to create .
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .
it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary
highly uneven and inconsistent
still-raw emotions
clint eastwood 's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
overladen with plot conceits
assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
into clichés
big stars and high production values are standard procedure
captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
is one big , dumb action movie .
must be the end of the world
coordinated his own dv poetry
leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people
yes , but also intriguing and honorable ,
is instead a cheap cliché
a modestly surprising movie .
keep it interested
the very definition of epic adventure
jams too many prefabricated story elements
is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
in the same old story
a compelling , gut-clutching piece
should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
frozen tundra soap opera
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .
cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
embraces life in public
is generally quite funny .
showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
the fierce grandeur
de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun
feeble comedy
thought-provoking
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
have bitterly forsaken
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered .
with some fine acting
do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .
consummate actor
to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal
rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
pungent bite
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie
exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
a stirring visual sequence
darned assured
plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending
thoroughly awful
technically superb
a dashing and resourceful hero
with heart
cutesy romantic tale
sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys
irritating
dopey
, one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .
that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
dullard
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating
eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
a more sheerly beautiful film
is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time
snide and prejudice
from both a great and a terrible story , mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
a movie with a bigger , fatter heart
had more to do with imagination than market research
was n't at least watchable
sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
engaging and intimate
blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
a brilliant , absurd collection
's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels .
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup .
almost as offensive
will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
i liked the movie ,
really vocalized
the lion king
is a winner
a new favorite musical
the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself
captain
with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
too little excitement and zero compelling storyline
flaws
that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
a re-hash of the other seven films
a well-made pizza
noticeably less energy and imagination
there 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
, beloved genres
's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
collapses into an inhalant blackout
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty --
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what
the hype , the celebrity ,
the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't .
the modern master of the chase sequence
much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
serve no other purpose
both overplayed and exaggerated
that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
, this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
easy to make such a worthless film
to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins
so crass
about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
's nowhere near as exciting as either .
precious little of either
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
extraordinarily
be as bored watching morvern callar
crisp framing , edgy camera work , and
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see .
big , fat , dumb
spreads itself too thin ,
a rumor of angels should dispel it .
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter
solid pedigree
's the element of condescension ,
from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
better off staying on the festival circuit
exciting and well-paced
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .
if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
to mention absolutely refreshed
a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy
beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game
staggeringly dreadful romance .
the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
into a future they wo n't much care about
it is n't much fun .
just does n't work
, achingly human
it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten
with memorable zingers
final verdict : you 've seen it all before .
affectingly
starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers
been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again
becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship
) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al .
great submarine stories
of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
at his 12th oscar nomination
managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
seem at least passably real
not exactly assured in its execution
is a big time stinker
a bland , surfacey way
who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world
as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes
a peculiar malaise that renders its tension
be delightfully compatible here
is among wiseman 's warmest
interminably bleak
naïveté and arbitrary
witless mess
oddly fascinating depiction
a stylish cast and
dropped
more confused
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache
a pleasure
no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us
is a commanding screen presence
something that really matters
offers no easy , comfortable resolution
only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick
those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
hard , endearing , caring , warm .
lack-of-attention span
clever by about nine-tenths
forget
the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
too dry and
into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
imaginative kid 's movie
to surrealism and black comedy
the sheer ugliness of everything else
on shame
that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
there are some fairly unsettling scenes ,
american and
fine , old-fashioned-movie movie
rooting against ,
overly-familiar
missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
exploitation piece
stuffy
you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy
an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter
ten
the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack
a reader 's digest condensed version
transcends culture and race
brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat
but seriously , folks , it does n't work .
the execution
offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex ,
that should be used to burn every print of the film
thoroughly involving
more than a little pretentious
wilco fans will have a great time ,
a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
a bad movie that
failure .
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed
that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
cheap shocks
the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
the worst -- and only -- killer website movie
's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
a glorified sitcom
reasonable
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .
as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york .
the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
clean-cut
wonderfully funny
is never able to pull it back on course .
helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses
ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel
disorientated
it arrives
enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension
the son of the bride 's humor is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
focus
exuberance and passion
65-minute trifle
as the very best of them
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings
disguise the fact
a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy
to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
exasperating
be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
incredible subtlety and acumen
droning
two of those well spent
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .
that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor
glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
such blatant and sickening product placement
have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way
captivating new film .
to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
making it par for the course for disney sequels
gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short
needing other people
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left
acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
trailer-trash style .
wonderfully edited
's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie
imax trip
an intelligent screenplay and
so vivid a portrait
jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry
mention `` solaris '' five years from now and i 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
in the knowledge imparted
has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world
it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender
, implausible
with its wry observations
it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers
handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league
unrelentingly grim -- and
sweetest thing
in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent
biography channel
the tuxedo was n't just bad
i admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
quite vapid
well-done
i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
its awkward structure and
a powerful commentary
recalls
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls .
people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
, history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
goofiest stuff
pleased
short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy
dramatic experience .
quirky and satirical touches
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film
'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie
it 's wasted yours
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
a change in expression
is that it 's far too sentimental
treats the subject with fondness and respect
that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
amusing study
championship material
laughed
is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture
seriousness and quality
to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting
unabashedly romantic
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches ,
is sincere
comedic employment
wrong things
carrying this wafer-thin movie
a good music documentary
enhances the excellent performances
witty , whimsical feature
effective if you stick with it
( a ) boldly stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good
like done-to-death material
goofy pleasure
vin diesel is the man .
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
efficient
talkiness is n't necessarily bad
without merit
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .
, this could be a passable date film .
trash-cinema roots
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
running on empty ,
insanely dysfunctional
the scenic splendor
show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song
sickening thud
arnold is not , nor will he be , back
the new film is a lame kiddie flick
should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel
like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders
to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings
of clean and sober
squashed
to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
barely makes it any less entertaining
intriguing
the action as gripping
his life-altering experiences
good enough
dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
with most intelligent viewers
show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
sweet as greenfingers
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness
and twisted characters
unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
his film overwhelmed
insipid script
a complex web
late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing
is to be cherished .
of the most splendid
more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
the lord
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker ,
you 've actually spent time living in another community
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company
tries to seem sincere , and just
of that delicate canon
frustrates
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes ,
were insulted
it 's not very good either .
were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man
cult film
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so
it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
lucid work
much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame
genteel and unsurprising the execution
think of a film more cloyingly
too loud
movie nothing
for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham
nonjudgmental kind
fails to keep it up and settles into clichés
see this piece of crap again
it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce
with universal appeal
stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
brilliantly written
it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once
manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter
an enjoyable
of a typical american horror film
an admirable
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .
raised to a new , self-deprecating level
, like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
goes on and on to the point of nausea
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story
metaphysical claptrap
, smart , savvy , compelling
( washington 's ) strong hand
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
a collectively stellar performance
say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
substance and soul
buy is an accomplished actress , and
a long , dull procession of despair ,
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan ,
familiar and predictable
the achingly unfunny phonce
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .
certain ambition
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians
tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe .
yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie
it 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
arnold schwarzenegger
is barely
the characters are based on stock clichés
dying
among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film
dreamy and
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic ,
carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
third-rate horror sequels
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
are quite touching
of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
brainless
not-so-funny gags ,
's actually watchable
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .
it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
ferocity and
a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis
spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
is so deadly dull
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast
what 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?
does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
off-beat and fanciful film
came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter
, she is merely a charmless witch .
rueful , wry humor
you 're not merely watching history
fairly revealing
there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
tiresome jokes
a major director
plenty of laughs
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' never were .
in addition to being very funny
as lame and sophomoric
of portraying the devastation of this disease
sad , sick sight
spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship
trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny
of a genuine and singular artist
that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it
technically sumptuous but also
ungainly
comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel
a delicious , quirky movie
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential
worth the price of admission
's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
, dishonest
is having fun with it all
does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago
have n't laughed that hard in years
miike
is kinda wrong in places
make interesting
the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .
very thrilling
failed jokes
's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all
best sequel
is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
this facetious smirk
fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
few things more frustrating
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
less a documentary and more propaganda
, entertaining comedy
convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
pleasant and engaging enough
, solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
if i want a real movie
the character 's gripping humanity
a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin
fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard
has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability
and resourceful hero
for large-scale action and suspense
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness
stay afloat
painfully
if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
even kids deserve better .
a better celebration
too stagey , talky
neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
small , personal film
an autopilot hollywood concoction
of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile
a skyscraper
the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
drowned me in boredom .
about in thick clouds of denial
namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and
works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
jerking off
grade
the journey is such a mesmerizing one
starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable
inane , humorless and under-inspired .
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action
historically significant , and
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and
humanity or empathy
is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
absurd lengths
another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
enough substance
opened it up for all of us
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once
they ca n't go wrong .
the milieu is wholly unconvincing
only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
, any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
matinee price
neatly constructed thriller .
have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
before but never so vividly
personal
an athlete , a movie star , and
to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone
his impressively delicate range
the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record
thriller junk
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier
when you instantly know whodunit
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising ,
fun , and
's really just another major league .
no unifying rhythm or visual style
a warmth that is n't faked
the terrifying message
to a film about a family 's joyous life
decent
deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish
to overcome adversity
one of those so-so films that could have been much better
shows what great cinema can really do
lazy
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal
the biggest disappointments of the year
romantic
for philosophers , not filmmakers
derivativeness
courage and
the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
painful as the grey zone
a backseat in his own film
sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance
romance , tragedy
to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters
it 's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
, standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
should have been a cutting hollywood satire
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor ,
awesome work
is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see
the most edgy piece
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
sci-fi .
consistency
accomplished and richly resonant work .
're left with a sour taste in your mouth
nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
its unique feel
been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
the piano teacher
the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
a brainless flibbertigibbet
simply stupid , irrelevant and
bill plympton , the animation master ,
written , flatly , by david kendall and
fleshed-out enough to build any interest
humor , warmth ,
true to his principles
it 's an unhappy situation all around .
ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script
is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .
pleasing the crowds
thematically and stylistically
a must
nothing but an episode of smackdown
atrocities
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
crowdpleaser
into a black hole of dullness
particularly joyless , and
directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style
have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time
not infrequently breathtaking
some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls
gives his best screen
sketchy
wrong hands
while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
emphasising her plight and isolation
fifth beer-soaked film
's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability
one of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
, is still good fun .
has no snap
an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
flat , unconvincing drama
superficial and unrealized
can get past the taboo subject matter
of predictable narrative rhythms
a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart
's awfully entertaining
has a genuine dramatic impact
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one . '
are simply too good
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
goofily endearing and well-lensed
feels all too familiar
's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face .
steeped in fairy tales and other childish things
of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance
lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics
has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
walked out
wanders
's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
treading water at best in this forgettable effort
improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper
that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life
without beauty or humor
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and
it works
is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer
weary
convincing impersonation
lacks in substance
disconnects every 10 seconds
poise
longley 's film
have banged their brains into the ground so frequently
in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed
unusual biopic and document
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938
, margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .
kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden
will turn out okay
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr
wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
i 'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow .
is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .
a chilling movie without oppressive gore .
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep
allegedly inspiring and
as big a crowdpleaser as
engross even
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
personal loss
people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film
it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia
the story has little wit and no surprises .
a gory slash-fest
alienated
serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally
about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and
animation and game phenomenon
not for their acting chops , but for their looks
would have a good time here
hollywood ending is a depressing experience
it 's always enthralling .
of stunning images and effects
wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon
absolutely unnecessary
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
on johnny knoxville 's stomach
more than four
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .
visually breathtaking
lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
excellent choice
a guarantee
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
isolation
so sloppy , so uneven
likes
be thinking about going to see this movie
most remarkable
inner-city streets
approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
wry humor
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .
amusing and unsettling
mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies
, i 'd say the film works
won --
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
a dazzling dream of a documentary .
a stirring , funny
it would be better as a diary or documentary
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism
before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo
as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound
comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild
screwed-up
uselessly redundant and
punitive minutes
would look like something like this
, city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
unique and quirky
it 's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
, slapdash disaster .
carry the movie
is pretty funny
sink it faster than a leaky freighter
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious
's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .
eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
a class with spike lee 's masterful
impudent
often very funny
we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
dates
loved
with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
guts
spare dialogue
on expressing itself in every way imaginable
warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
climate
pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period
has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
occasional charms
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection
a future they wo n't much care about
the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
manages to delight without much of a story .
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations
in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .
heartfelt comedy
stale material
comes to life in the performances .
the stunt work is top-notch
just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .
unfilmable
the recording sessions are intriguing
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape
brutally honest and
give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .
a thought-provoking picture .
end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
its delightful cast
by its art and heart
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders ,
just too bratty for sympathy
's both charming
a group of dedicated artists
of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set
her film is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .
its target audience talked all the way through it
works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work
gives a performance that is masterly .
a wonderous accomplishment
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
aggravating and tedious .
an oddly fascinating depiction
so boring
the lady and the duke surprisingly
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
which they have been patiently waiting for
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
ethereal beauty
romantic comedy genre
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty
amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
, rapid-fire delivery
feature-length
an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn
it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point
of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle
striking
at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
puts the ` ick ' in ` classic .
shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
a delicious and delicately funny look
challenges
genuine laughs
some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
of better films
in the media
comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture
best straight-up
vibrant whirlwind
has already appeared in one forum or another
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume
page-turning
with humor , warmth , and intelligence
drudgery .
keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
is violated
i would go back and choose to skip it .
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy
's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense
your dream
become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony
high-minded
a slam-bang extravaganza
is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
a very lively dream
, with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
from its sleazy moralizing
breathtaking mystery
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ?
a lot smarter than your average bond .
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and
is actually funny with the material
that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
execution and skill
shines on all the characters
rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
eyeballs
the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun
infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion
skillful and moving
all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing
has much to recommend it ,
gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance
the poor and
a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses
dehumanizing
reading lines
heard before
which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
an unholy mess ,
visual virtues
'' winner
bona fide groaners
, you 're too interested to care .
is authentic to the core of his being .
far too clever by half , howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining
built-in audience
bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie
amusing ,
the most entertaining bonds in years
is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
appreciates the art
do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
most important and exhilarating forms
although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ?
too many scenes toward the end
's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily
most ravaging
equally miserable
i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint .
is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination
the expressive power
it attractive throughout
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately
editing and pompous references
inspirational status
( a ) poorly executed comedy .
gentle but
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style .
accomplished and
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .
the soulful development
the unsettled tenor
are clinically depressed and
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered
an engrossing portrait
is genial but never inspired , and little
tackles more than she can handle .
losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
proves to be sensational
to entertain
pathetic exploitation film
joys in our lives
the triumph
of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale .
seems hopelessly juvenile .
a frighteningly fascinating contradiction
an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out
equally assured
have a story and a script
's a work of enthralling drama
predictable as the tides
did no one on the set have a sense of humor ,
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that
's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama
saves
uncompromising film
for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull
all the dramatic weight
will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .
bracing truth
great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
of dead-end distaste
tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .
does a solid job
poor editing , bad bluescreen ,
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile
boring
believe anyone would really buy this stuff
lighthearted glow
that there 's really not much of a sense of action
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ...
, guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .
offer a fascinating glimpse
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
want to think too much about what 's going on
narc
sub-sophomoric
languorous charm
style and flash
thematic content and narrative strength
a moral
that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name
is he has no character , loveable or otherwise
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .
too much power , not enough puff .
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining
is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
brainless flibbertigibbet
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side .
have a good shot at a hollywood career
have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies
presented in convincing way
have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for
has its rewards .
she may not be real , but the laughs are .
critical backlash
is a much better mother-daughter tale
successfully
long , intricate , star-studded
for a touching love story
of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
an audience 's
the best 60 minutes
overcooked , ham-fisted direction
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
numbingly dull
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining !
pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear
served with a hack script
fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .
past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
innocent ,
affable if not timeless
an empty , purposeless
knew about generating suspense
bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew
love
works on some levels
reveals itself slowly , intelligently ,
just did n't care
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile
trouble every day is a success in some sense
lame
the world 's greatest teacher
fiery
game supporting cast
laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man
a dearth of vitality
a text to ` lick
... a solid , well-formed satire .
without thrills and a mystery devoid
playful but highly studied
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man
it 's leaden and predictable , and
other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
ailments
could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
as good
retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images
salvation and good intentions
, the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
does his sly , intricate magic
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen .
it feels like unrealized potential
, laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual
beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet
as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
new inspiration in it
retread ,
'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .
a bit disjointed
dismally
grows up
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .
you have to see it .
, meandering
humorous and touching
that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey
was the best the contest received
is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september
it finds a nice rhythm .
it 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow .
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion
drains it
is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .
ever so gracefully --
funny and touching
is intelligently accomplished
has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
low comedy does n't come much lower .
a comedy
of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas
a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's
sensation
all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , ''
the material and the production
my mind
beautiful , angry and sad
heavy stench
tastelessness and
bubbly
has a way of seeping into your consciousness ,
what 's most offensive
daughter
enjoyable 100 minutes
've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel
unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
whimsical comedy
is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
by splendid performances
a winning and wildly fascinating work .
and second , what 's with all the shooting ?
other , better movies
a wartime farce in the alternately comic and
best
occasionally flawed ,
admirable energy
is funny , touching , smart and complicated
maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral
when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
and two smoking barrels
value or merit
that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media
different , unusual , even nutty
, nasty journey
a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream
dumped a whole lot of plot
undisciplined
production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
is painfully bad ,
strange film
despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste
seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
a kilt
recommend it ,
does n't live up to the exalted tagline
it ca n't help but engage an audience
a life interestingly lived
, this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half .
bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action
sweet and believable
through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes
full of surprises
the humor has point
cheesy commercialism
is on full , irritating display
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego
in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot ,
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ;
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
belongs to nicholson
and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest .
the well-wrought story
gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar
perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul
nosedive
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity
just another situation romance
, this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
gawky actor
works as pretty contagious fun .
on `` stupid ''
makes it all the more compelling .
enjoyable big movie
braveheart as well as
it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
this kind of hands-on storytelling
pure hollywood
character portrait , romantic comedy
not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .
is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
valiantly
if it is generally amusing from time to time
a biting satire
literally
no big whoop , nothing new to see ,
tragically
a small gem from belgium .
a tendency to sag in certain places
simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
wind up as glum as mr. de niro
little propaganda film
a great director
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
become almost as operatic to us
the picture is so lovely toward the end
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory
perfectly
a bad run
the performances are amiable and committed ,
elicits strong performances from his cast
brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing
wicked
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss :
this insufferable movie
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious
, we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity
nutty cliches
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart
ingenuity
the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action
a coma
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get
working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
noir veil
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
as mindless
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .
are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
inhuman
joyous life
movie directionless
like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy
unfolds as one
bungle their way
a few laughs but nothing else
adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
marvel
coming-of-age drama
buoyant romantic comedy
you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
warm , moving
so exaggerated and broad
that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
( ferrera ) has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
honestly , i do n't see the point
the best brush in the business
to a more mythic level
hits its mark
is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) .
who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
do n't think so .
represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
him this year 's razzie
of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times
it 's one tough rock .
a staggeringly compelling character
to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 .
a mawkish self-parody
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying ,
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast
because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans
without context -- journalistic or historical
- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) -
soft-core twaddle
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms is n't it .
, and motorcycles
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
little too obvious , but
dragonfly
created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
almost generic
the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
, this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
mistaken-identity
a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and )
a harrison ford low
enlightened
's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
a 10-course banquet
's a cool event for the whole family .
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting ,
you should see this movie
of the best films of the year
you will enjoy seeing how both evolve
from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .
for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast
showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie
thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances
accurately
ruined by amateurish writing and acting ,
well-made pb & j sandwich
the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations
engages us
it looks like woo 's a p.o.w.
has turned out to be a one-trick pony
on three short films and two features
the results are honest
's nice
has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at
, inexplicable and unpleasant
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions
falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .
a quirky comedy
artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown
leaves an awful sour taste
this is cinema
a diverse and astonishingly articulate
the charm of the first movie is still there
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching
's because relatively nothing happens
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
dies
this is the one .
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .
unacceptable
deepest tragedies
how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too
've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard .
one of the great minds of our times
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time
that effortlessly draws you in
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .
climactic
really does n't have much to say beyond the news
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
more outre aspects
evans is no hollywood villain
a loss
can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
falling in love
tremendously moving
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story
spaces
a very good ( but not great ) movie
funny , insightfully human
visually engrossing
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions
on standard horror flick formula
glum as mr. de niro
extremely well acted by the four primary actors
the universal themes ,
collateral damage is trash
makes all the difference
gentle , lapping rhythms
pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
funny , sexy , and rousing
is a pretty good job
visualize schizophrenia
scenic shots
'' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market .
that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious
has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
too cynical
spooky and subtly
into a classic genre
is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched
the plot seems a bit on the skinny side
accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .
's something of the ultimate scorsese film
a more annoying , though
loathe him
hell , i dunno
for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
beautiful
enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage
is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .
analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down
-- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man
makes these lives count .
trudge out
all the stronger
an improvement
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
never succeed in really rattling the viewer
sub-par
bad film
, the film would be a total washout .
it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget
the bizarre is credible
have potential as a cult film ,
none of the charm and little
to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme
beautifully produced .
a thoroughly modern maiden
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
born to make
gets its greatest play
spectacular belly flops
's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .
cheesy
was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '
a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant
the actors are fantastic .
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and
a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance ,
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but
accurate
, the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and
faith , love and power
their hearts in the right place
banality and hypocrisy
more evil than ever
wiseman is patient and
manage to keep things interesting .
noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
is a lot more bluster than bite .
ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here
wo n't be able to look away for a second
is top-notch
larger than life
filmed directly
corny sentimentality
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
whimper
to see a movie with its heart
would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
really wrong with this ricture
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
charm
's horribly depressing and not very well done
is n't exactly endearing
amazing breakthrough
they cheapen the overall effect .
so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant
irreverent energy
stay positive
finally seem so impersonal or even shallow
without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge
a sad aristocrat in tattered finery
get out your pooper-scoopers
a superfluous sequel
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .
if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout
a feel-bad ending
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...
and more entertaining , too .
a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work
an irresistible blend
in reality it 's one tough rock .
captive by mediocrity
a snore and utter tripe
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet
schrader examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor .
begging for attention
are worth the price of admission ...
has never been more charming than in about a boy
it 's impossible to care who wins
the idiocy
the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
aloof
a gut punch
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie .
is priceless
torture and self-mutilation
is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
is nothing less than a provocative piece of work
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .
loud and offensive , but more often
( the film ) works
multi-layers
is entertaining .
hit .
achieves a level of connection and concern
many tense scenes in trapped
frustration from those
seen in years
glinting charm
i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up
the act is still charming here .
an energetic and engaging film
is more accurate than anything
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity
rekindle the magic of the first film
to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
cinematic poo .
should give `` scratch '' a second look .
have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else
may not be a great piece of filmmaking
it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
personable , amusing
one-sided theme
worth revisiting
amusing sidekicks
has a sure hand .
showing honest emotions .
historical truth and realism
, it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
you 'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... '
donna
deserve better
realize , much to our dismay ,
more valuable
a light touch
explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing
a chilling tale of one
the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and
make this surprisingly decent flick
the rhapsodic dialogue
`` unfilmable '' novels
way too full of itself
not engaging
addictive guilty pleasure
fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less
does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand ,
a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots
dumb gags , anatomical humor , or
of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff
skip but film buffs should get to know
yale grad
may not always work
how to suffer '
the biggest disappointments
make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
from pleasing
a canny crowd pleaser
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers
infatuated
are so well
sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
being stupid
a self-hatred instilled
of its lurid fiction
fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes
is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition
to regain his life , his dignity and his music
deadly dull
any viewer , young or old ,
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
ill-conceived and
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
of this reactionary thriller
jolts the laughs
this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction
steals the show
it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
the computer and
of inspired humor
11 times too many
delivered with such conviction
seen it all before ,
every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
the universal theme
laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick
harris is affecting at times
's a pale imitation .
casting excellent latin actors of all ages --
knew what the hell was coming next
the beat he hears in his soul
to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
lovely , sad dance
that tries to be smart
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .
full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes
turns in a collectively stellar performance
seems timely and important
falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments
lionize its title character and exploit his anger
but it does have one saving grace .
a more credible script , though
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .
gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops '
it 's up to ( watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .
offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology
ruins every single scene he 's in
cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits
an intriguing story of maternal instincts and
immensely entertaining
's absolutely amazing
make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom
thoughtful and
was entranced .
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley .
a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it
good dialogue
lighthearted comedy
roman polanski may have been born to make
make trouble
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and
will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea
pretty listless
filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative
is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is
does little
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short
is way too indulgent
tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape
one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
from cheap-shot mediocrity
's also one of the smartest
hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses --
color and creativity
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff
road
gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
fixating on a far corner of the screen at times
wide-eyed
, but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama
raise audience 's spirits
freaking out
nerds
create characters
work -- is charming ,
started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .
looks good
orchestrating
ever knew about generating suspense
can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .
of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature
loses its fire midway ,
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob )
begins to resemble the shapeless ,
's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
that hollywood expects people to pay to see it
depict the french revolution
a fascinating character study with laughs
is one of the greatest date movies in years .
the long and eventful spiritual journey
to believe that a life like this can sound so dull
allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk
its excellent storytelling
likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen
a revealing look
positive ( if tragic ) note
flowery
change watching such a character ,
storytelling ability
gloom
emotional car-wreck
the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
changing lanes tries for more .
bitchy frolic
expressively performed
mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
an encouraging effort
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
no laughs
high-powered star pedigree
without passion or politics
being a good documentarian
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles
makes its point
the corniest
, diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
this is a truly , truly bad movie .
drama , conflict ,
protagonist
the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears
a scary , action-packed chiller
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances
mark pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .
relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
touch
tried hard
intimate , unguarded moments
it borders on facile
important political documentary
a little better than sorcerer 's stone .
a heroic tale
is intriguing
never springs to life
devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
is full of charm .
own breezy , distracted rhythms
ironic cultural satire
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts
in short
devos
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life
strong and confident
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
some corny television
to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california
bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
but a very handsomely produced let-down
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain
that transcends culture and race
come to care about the main characters
self-conscious but often hilarious
after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
( and probably should have )
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity
it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '
with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not
-- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles
philosophers , not filmmakers
is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best .
the spectacle
uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken
the choppy editing
that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as
it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
even sexy
that will thrill you , touch you and make you
acting -- more accurately , it 's moving
adaptation is intricately constructed and
` triumph '
accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story
astounding
may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns .
remembering this refreshing visit
of expository material
its own most damning censure
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .
this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films
the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals
particular interest
, despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
tribute
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon
terminally bland , painfully slow and
have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible
the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility
loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves
passive-aggressive psychology
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
stifles creativity and
... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .
because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite
for all of us
clear-eyed chronicle
this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
a manically generous christmas vaudeville .
so much more
to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
richly detailed , deftly executed and
though nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
the film is visually dazzling
once amusing
sex with strangers
a generic international version of a typical american horror film
ugly and mindless
meaty subject
obvious political insights
that parker displays in freshening the play
that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy
would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud
as a masterfully made one
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .
it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .
's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
very very strong
this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema
oddly colorful
every shot enhances the excellent performances
to feel good about
the throes of their first full flush of testosterone
jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
of its oscar nomination
both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts
sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
very funny , very enjoyable ...
the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league
of his best-known creation
toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches
` stoked
too much
... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .
lots of boring talking heads , etc .
little less bling-bling
an original bone
good , hard-edged stuff
cannon 's confidence and
has a film 's title served such dire warning
a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
compelling french psychological drama
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue
like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
metaphysical
in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts
do n't blame eddie murphy but
the redeeming feature
kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi .
astronomically bad
in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series .
to string together enough charming moments to work
a purpose and a strong pulse
sensuality , and
at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered
young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
, it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .
living far too much
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
riveting performances
on hammy at times
means check it out .
desperately wishing you could change tables
and finely cut diamond
convincing one
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story
heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
turn stupid
work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
emotional gravity
flawed ,
would sink laurence olivier
a bad movie
( fincher 's ) camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully --
it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
cusack 's just brilliant in this .
hokey
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 )
, '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
the food is enticing
broken
bit of piffle .
the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
substantial depth
drowsy
warm and well-told tale
stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
of faith
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes
how ridiculous and money-oriented
is quite a vision .
immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
original film
of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,
stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time
to convey a sense of childhood imagination
for an all-around good time at the movies this summer
it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .
into a laugh-free lecture
does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
, gut-clutching piece
somewhat backhanded
epic scope
in any way demeaning its subjects
caught up in an intricate plot
worth the journey
have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
a full-length classic
a muddled limp biscuit
enduring
a lost ideal
sharper , cleaner
depressingly retrograde
the subtitles fool you
be an enjoyable choice for younger kids
another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market
ultimately delivers
is strong as always .
would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
soap-opera
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the
surprising romance
off-puttingly
sporadic dips
best script
und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
action clichés
a companionable couple
the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
for the ridicule factor
is so prolonged and boring
the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
chaos
is familiar but enjoyable .
been smoother or more confident
made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
, purposeless
is easily
riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work
it takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .
teenage sex comedy
rick
, rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
unsung heroes
that takes too long to shake
of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
could hardly ask for more .
you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape
in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
one of the smartest
was right to cut
has created a beautiful canvas
's a very very strong `` b + .
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
it fails
storytelling is far more appealing
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
when it is n't merely offensive
is a must for genre fans .
it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
the young stars are too cute ;
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
personal low
the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year
is sappy and amateurish
are very expressive .
alone , should scare any sane person away .
turning in some delightful work on indie projects
his most sparkling
quickly writes himself into a corner
career - kids = misery
emaciated
kiddie entertainment ,
not only better
of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
from this choppy and sloppy affair
is smart , not cloying .
inquisitive film
's a spectacular performance - ahem
career-defining
is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure
frustrating and
canada 's arctic light
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
any scorsese
make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated
rich
but it would be better to wait for the video .
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .
of extravagant
, an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
choppy and
, it 'll only put you to sleep .
like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit .
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but
about movie love
it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
they 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
hugely enjoyable in its own right though
a bigger-name cast
crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies
everyone making it
soderbergh 's best films
coming-of-age film
been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson
actually manages to bring something new into the mix
having fun with it all
smeary
of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work
fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious ,
terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music ,
charged
is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey
self-consciously flashy camera effects
a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish
it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears
cold-hearted
existential suffering
its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
would be consigned to the dustbin of history
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story
the wonderfully lush morvern callar
the movie is hardly a masterpiece
clichéd
stays close to the ground
hated myself in the morning .
it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money
, yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
interesting and at times
swaggers through his scenes
cinematic tone poem
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt
make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson
inherently caustic and
that it 's too close to real life to make sense
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness ,
winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity
forgive its mean-spirited second half
not funny performers
is a lame kiddie flick
thoroughly overbearing
that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
two hours of junk
successes
and revolutionary spirit
dramatically lackluster
remarkably faithful one
considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .
no surprises .
is oppressively heavy
somewhat less
are moments of hilarity to be had
nutty cliches and far too much dialogue
welcomed
a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .
washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell
with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
live-action cartoon
useless actioners
uneven dialogue and plot lapses
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident
virtually no one
still-inestimable contribution
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience
while we delight in the images
may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry
fascinating part
it should have stayed there .
smart , funny look
walk to remember a niche hit
hole-ridden plotting
lost in the translation
seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
it 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
disconnects
amazingly evocative
weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next
have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3
viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving
whose legacy had begun to bronze
extant stardom
's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn
bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
soulless .
dragons !
been replaced by the bottom of the barrel
an increasingly important film industry
hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch
hilarious and sad
involving than this mess
are lukewarm and quick to pass .
poorly
captivating
integrity
cardiac
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
an excuse
most awful acts
is so clumsily sentimental
whiney
be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
imposter makes a better short story than it does a film
of musical passion
this obscenely bad dark comedy
wal-mart budget
a rather thin moral
misfire that even tunney ca n't save .
fully formed
, from the incongruous but chemically
how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is
through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
of a physician who needs to heal himself
any way of gripping what its point is
with humor and poignancy
muy loco
giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
the variety of tones in spielberg 's work
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion
no `` waterboy
manipulative claptrap
cast the magnificent jackie chan
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .
is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
slow for a younger crowd
moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style
appeared in 1938
susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter ,
there done that
bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky ,
would have been better than the fiction it has concocted
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard
's better than the phantom menace .
that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves
of four fine
conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
, solid storytelling .
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled
the lovable-loser protagonist
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .
green men
, this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
teddy bears '
feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something
poor quality
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing ,
jazzy score
loquacious
is prime escapist fare
the film 's needlessly opaque intro
, if disingenuous ,
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive
a travesty of a transvestite comedy
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
worthy idea
have been better off staying on the festival circuit
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory
an intoxicating
all the earmarks of french cinema at its best
also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing
be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds
to fruition in her sophomore effort
super
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
i do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .
that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
watching `` ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .
an interesting and at times captivating
will assuredly have their funny bones tickled
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control ,
the movie sputters
suited neither
big bloody stew
from its unsettling prognosis
, deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
a mournful undercurrent
is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout
a verbal duel between two gifted performers
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .
this is no `` waterboy ! ''
swiftly
fairly enjoyable
a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
deeply biased , and
an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it
tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
the level of an after-school tv special
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
rich tale
a fascinating profile
prepare
shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale
honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama
`` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece .
the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present
an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
buddy cop comedy
horrific
i 'm all for that
's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary .
the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
wit and originality
'' admirably
the pay-off is negligible
designed strictly for children 's home video ,
to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
its shortcomings
that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
this italian freakshow
the nerve to speak up
are infectious
some serious soul
the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea
slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation
the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book
its core
standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow
, `` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
sumptuous stream
have the best of both worlds
very moving and revelatory footnote
about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love
wow .
beautifully animated epic
an engaging fantasy
riveting power and sadness
and inventive moments
hiding behind cutesy film references
it 's a heck of a ride
overwrought
music and life
is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl
creeping into the second half
damaged-goods people
is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
a witty
does its predecessors proud .
such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating
what ` blade runner ' would
a little underconfident
cinemantic flair
, it 's a lyrical endeavor .
have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
annoying specimen
rock solid family fun out
i 'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back
to make up for the ones that do n't come off
been 13 months and 295 preview screenings
like any good romance
a step further ,
spirit is a visual treat , and
of a 20-car pileup
is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life
maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or
solid emotional impact
in clichés and mawkish dialogue
tom green 's freddie got fingered
increasingly implausible as it races
beckons us all
filling
first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast
dying and loving
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
an unsettling sight , and
the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path
work -- is charming
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .
this engaging film
not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
`` solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
an affected malaise
tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush
impeccable study
swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie
extremely thorough
worth seeing at least once
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking :
devolves into a laugh-free lecture
unforgivingly
i liked this film a lot ...
byron and luther
the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence
the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .
and , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
that tears welled up in my eyes both times
that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
by letting you share her one-room world for a while
of constant smiles and frequent laughter
offended
is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
is just a little bit hard to love .
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .
's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy
( city ) reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year .
another boorish movie
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
that attracts the young and fit
something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality
have made it an exhilarating
lazy but enjoyable
the best didacticism
'm all for that
in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself
macdowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
be shallow
with a `` spy kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?
, it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
, the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
favorite musical
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .
another useless recycling of a brutal mid
downbeat
unfaithful
not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer
another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
more successful
suspenseful spin
scant place for the viewer
cedar 's
utter sincerity
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing
the predictability of bland comfort food
and witty feature
feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
, nothing good can happen
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense
older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag
therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one
reactionary ideas about women
bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction
stillborn
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness
the lively appeal of the last kiss
featuring an oscar-worthy performance
cheap junk
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but
it just seems manufactured to me and artificial
it 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
, hilarious
this overlong infomercial ,
an intelligent screenplay
it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor
had their hearts in the right place .
playwriting 101 premise
thin notion
meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced ,
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence
that does not move
something provocative , rich , and strange
i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent .
an effective portrait
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors ,
too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin .
like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
slightly disappointed
proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those
could n't keep my attention
really earned my indignant , preemptive departure
reverent
his sentimental journey of the heart
an astoundingly rich film
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
loves them to pieces
so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer
goodwill
family-friendly comedy
before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon
is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
missed the point
answered yes , by all means
as relationships shift , director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
the right choices at every turn
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining
with honesty , insight and humor
ambitious films
be captivated
here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck
will likely
this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .
the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
to make the formula feel fresh
is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
the most brilliant work
from the dullest science fiction
friendly kick
suitable
i bought this movie
, folks , it does n't work .
, there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona
from `` promising ''
a romance this smart
fessenden continues to do interesting work
will most likely doze off during this one
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus ,
the credits roll across the pat ending
, and totally disorientated
who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
'd probably turn it off ,
warm , moving message
the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised
feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
an in-depth portrait
performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
distinctly sub-par
mediocre movies
most politically audacious films
if that 's not too glorified a term
keeps this pretty watchable , and
the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves
awesome
sun-splashed whites
is as bad at it is cruel
will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .
these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
glides gracefully from male persona to female
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something
because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .
williams ' anarchy gets tiresome
, it 's icky .
far less endearing disabilities
lacking in charm and charisma
toilet-humor
of this tacky nonsense
a tragedy
sluggish
mixed up together like a term paper
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and
the screenplay to keep the film entertaining
has considerable charm .
a comedic moment in this romantic comedy
simply runs out of ideas
reaching the comic heights it obviously desired
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing ,
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
everywhere
this is a superior horror flick .
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it
sneaks up on you and
good pace
redundant
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but
appropriately
creepy and vague
illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
's hard to resist his enthusiasm
the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
moving story
in their recklessness
because it was particularly funny
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
horribly
pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year
a copy of a copy
many good ideas
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast
to reveal his impressively delicate range
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance --
a snore and
lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
oft-brilliant
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie ,
is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
flinching
well-meaning
is a good and ambitious film
hackneyed story
sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
seem to hit
drunken
a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago
evolved from star to superstar some time
go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset
does probably as good a job as anyone
is flawed
the butt
plenty of entertainment value
, fine music never heard
the credit for the film 's winning tone
an ` a ' list cast and
chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
, touching , smart and complicated
a satisfying summer blockbuster and
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride .
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite ,
, they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears
a superior horror flick
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .
, it is n't much fun .
a major director is emerging in world cinema
a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness
in a well-balanced fashion
feeling like a great missed opportunity
of hard-bitten , cynical journalists
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .
original cartoon
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera
the strength of their own cleverness
like this movie a lot .
's definitely a step in the right direction .
's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style
is why anthony hopkins is in it .
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays
worn-out
pouty-lipped poof
not enough puff
difficult and
this film puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers .
steers clear of the sensational and
well-wrought story
its nauseating spinning credits sequence
is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
a shiver-inducing
somebody might devote time to see it
should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
unexpected ways , touching
trouble every day is a success in some sense ,
murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death
fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships
all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
little film noir organized crime story
a crowdpleaser
, it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
its ultimate demise
the music makes a nice album
new , or inventive , journey
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline
fan to appreciate scratch
a certain ambition
that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .
law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey
un-bear-able
a small movie with a big impact
chilling , and affecting study
it 's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin
a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates
numbness
it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it
that everlasting conundrum
is fine
ravishing waif
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment
is the action as gripping
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not
the pitch-perfect forster
leave
be compelling , amusing and unsettling
a choke leash
fused with their humor
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery ,
that reaches across time and distance
as beautiful , desirable , even delectable
brilliantly constructed work
the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and
that really gives the film its oomph
limpid and
force you to scratch a hole in your head
librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
much humor
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .
off the page , and for the memorable character creations
drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
dog
an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out
cool crime movie
establishes a wonderfully creepy mood
dullest tangents
is needed to live a rich and full life
by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company
this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance )
gets the job done .
sharp writing
depressed
much better
is actually funny without hitting below the belt
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall
time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
be a different kind of film
while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .
a very charming and funny movie .
with vibrant charm
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family
a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and
manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
stephen earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
insightful discourse
to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong
surprisingly funny movie
a creaky `` pretty woman ''
numbness .
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .
it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
kids
buried , drowned and
remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre
heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment
expert comic timing
the broiling sun for a good three days
necessary and timely
it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while .
the film itself is small and shriveled
of emotional comfort
care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
crafted a deceptively casual ode
, but solidly entertaining
i suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar
masterful
there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
talk about for hours
one of the best , most understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career .
the pacing is often way off
the original
'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and
delightful comedy
offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle ,
memorable film
funny look
the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy
entertainingly presented
raucously
animated epic
unique feel
unrewarding
of modern life
minor film
of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
has little insight
with little logic or continuity
its own action is n't very effective
be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going
undoubtedly
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh
sweet , funny , charming
you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
inferior level
just a string
has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point
how low brow
he expresses our most basic emotions
warmth to go around , with music and laughter and
the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way
of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up
sodden
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries .
into the upper echelons of the directing world
keen
foolish
idiotically
would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative
real narrative logic
nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone
powerful drama
muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
a trip
does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution
create a complex , unpredictable character
engaging and exciting narrative
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way .
an engrossing entertainment
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner
great idea
psychological case study
yet another visit
it almost loses what made you love it
uncomfortably real
achieves ultimate insignificance
that extravagantly redeems it
it 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .
of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
it goes awry in the final 30 minutes
got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile
is such a perfect medium for children
lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
what makes it worth a recommendation
'' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
lifts your spirits
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and
the delusions
a feast
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
by the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
, it 's just grating
illogical
on the success of bollywood
, even delectable
devolves into the derivative
tick-tock pacing
a rollicking good time for the most part
the heat of the moment prevails .
be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general
nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
best part ' of the movie
a guiltless film
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves
entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed
as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
dry humor
is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
slightly pokey
pink floyd tickets
a winning and wildly fascinating work
lukewarm and
the visual panache , the comic touch , and
oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' )
companion piece
wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
bidder
most improbable
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics
be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser
its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
plays out like a flimsy excuse
family responsibility and care
toss logic and science
that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief
love .
good actors ,
give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
that rare animal
one-of-a-kind
a good , hard yank
this story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
, mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
's so bad
torn away
humble , teach
fax
knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
understated piece of filmmaking
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but
she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon
a compelling story
bring off this wild welsh whimsy
he or anyone else
that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
most excruciating 86 minutes
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution ,
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing
no explanation or even plot relevance
you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .
so intimate and sensual and funny and
one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
no
profoundly stupid
... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
will enthrall the whole family
good performances and
like many of his works
's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .
is repetitious
demented premise
knows , and very likely is
a beautifully
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year
object lesson
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs
of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit
with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
, realistic portrayal
is a just a waste
wind up using them as punching bags
pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes
pitch-perfect
the unfulfilling , incongruous
... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
accept it as life and go with its flow
sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
embodies the transformation of his character completely .
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence
cinematic knack
duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks
fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats )
that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
jokester highway patrolmen
a very good viewing alternative
a domestic melodrama
interminably
michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
undercuts
well-edited
is classic nowheresville in every sense
should pay reparations to viewers
courageous molly craig
awfully deadly
insecure about its capacity
flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror
convenient
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith
piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work
, heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
intricately structured and well-realized
it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes
, self-important stories
a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism
is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
indifferent
easy sanctimony
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
the sorriest
much colorful
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
very effective
sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
, xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement .
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation
there 's nothing else happening
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation .
vibrant
captures both the beauty of the land and the people
it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition
the annoying score
in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .
show-stoppingly hilarious , but
can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored
an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
pretty tattered
get out
particularly memorable
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture
is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines
best inside-show-biz
manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired
the movie does not do them justice
systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
a family-oriented non-disney film
as saccharine as it is disposable .
successful one
give a second look if we passed them on the street
without a fresh infusion of creativity
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but
idiosyncratic humor
with incredible subtlety and acumen
that scalds like acid
care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor
the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker .
's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
a small , personal film
geriatric dirty harry
this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
suited to a quiet evening on pbs
elaborate
a splendid job
so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
get on a board and , uh , shred ,
want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned
the respect they
some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo
lecherous
vulgarities
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
pristine style and bold colors
, it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
about the worst thing chan has done in the united states
mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated
built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids
to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
very experienced
's something about mary and both american pie movies
blessed with a searing lead performance
recommend `` never again
really unclear
a sexy slip of an earth mother
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare .
a heroine as feisty and principled as jane
measured or polished
offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off ,
zero
that annoying specimen of humanity
this ludicrous film
fanciful motion picture
efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .
epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be
every member
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that .
of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys
of invention
uneven action comedy
as a classic movie franchise
peculiar and always entertaining
they finally feel absolutely earned
blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
gleefully
'' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
only half-an-hour long or
taking the easy hollywood road
prepackaged
full of elaborate and twisted characters
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .
mediocre horror film
is better than you might think .
fine effort
through than in most ` right-thinking ' films
snoozer
's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive
between flaccid satire and what
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
could have been crisper and punchier , but
effects that are more silly than scary
from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia .
intense and engrossing head-trip
is a big time stinker .
's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but
even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck
disintegrates
pure misogynist evil
criticism
have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows
mostly magnificent directorial career
caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch
that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .
a lovely film
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .
an empty shell
artistically
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly
despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places
that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and
there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but
join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks
( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction
keeps this pretty watchable ,
what we call the ` wow ' factor
the best of comedies
to be truly prurient
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit
laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
that satisfies
futuristic sets
a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict
sickeningly savage
88-minute rip-off
( t ) his slop
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
an enthralling
the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook
the acting is just fine
rarity
tolerate leon barlow
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone .
is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ...
watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain
old-fashioned , occasionally charming
hollowness
to enjoy good trash every now and then
the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won
to unexpected heights
that 's low on both suspense and payoff
conjure proper respect
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit
quite unengaging
every sequel you skip
gently comic even as the film breaks your heart
made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others
its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors
just offensive
the soul of a man in pain
of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
whose derring-do puts the x into the games
low , very low , very very low
of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
falls into the trap of pretention almost every time
is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
virulently unpleasant excuse
full of cheesy dialogue ,
arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
oscar wilde 's classic satire
`` simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance
contrived as this may sound
crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary
with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
of old-fashioned hollywood magic
, i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
through ill-conceived action pieces
an overly familiar scenario
, you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .
, predictable rehash
reaction
the true impact
( a ) crushing disappointment .
enjoy seeing how both evolve
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
beyond-lame
classical actress
banal in its message and the choice of material
irrational , long-suffering but cruel
masochistic
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
earnest homage
the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller
have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
charming , funny and beautifully crafted import
drab wannabe
wow
the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd
remarkably well
desperate for the evening to end
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy
dreamlike
it 's provocative stuff
a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés
into an inhalant blackout
projector 's
is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
excuse for a film
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering
some strong supporting players
in practically every facet of inept filmmaking
when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science
it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple
of sentimental ooze
ultimately empty examination
marvelous performance
ludicrous terms
if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons
into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films
, it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
gentle
to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
this engaging mix
wo n't be an )
through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
everyone 's
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale
flawed but engrossing
even shallow
extraordinarily good
swallow thanks to remarkable performances
her third feature will be something to behold
no new plot conceptions or
works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera
the vulgar , sexist , racist humor
may have been a good film in `` trouble every day
out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos
a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in
humanize
so many merchandised-to-the-max movies
contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
a whole heap
pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel
thumbs friggin ' down
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle
makes a wonderful subject for the camera
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale
bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically
wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .
its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences
the raw comic energy
, this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
amidst the action , the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
in insignificance
is tenderly observant of his characters
parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature
ca n't go wrong .
by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit
the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid
continues to improve .
the effort is sincere and the results are honest ,
inept
cuisine and palatable presentation
of that
ingenious and
permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed
dull-witted and
winning performances and some effecting moments
a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger
the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds
)
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images
is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused
be building suspense
the tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' .
has created such a vibrant , colorful world
except it 's much , much better .
goofy , life-affirming moments
a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama
built for controversy
a powerful 1957 drama
you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson
can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial
so crisp and
's still too burdened by the actor
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
are believable as people
percolating
especially well-executed television movie
so much farcical
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor ,
psychologically revealing
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
emerges as the very best of them
a portrait of alienation
is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable
the proficient , dull sorvino
seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
, empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
deserves an oscar nomination .
a whale of a good time for both children and parents
far less crass
's definitely worth taking a look
of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope
swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard
suffers from all the excesses of the genre
to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem
of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work
take this film at face value
an mtv , sugar hysteria ,
clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style
turn away from one
well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) .
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
skip this turd and
is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references
the power of spirits
is definitely a cut above the rest
intense and
victim to sloppy plotting ,
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall )
's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie
feel like it 's wasted yours
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book
oppressively
becoming too cute about it
even while his characters are acting horribly
the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it
is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
heartbreak
unchanged dullard
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it .
cuteness
is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not
familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
frenetic , funny , even punny 6
no reason to watch
fuel our best achievements and other times
more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice
crafty
somewhat short
'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... '
yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
a date
who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play
realistic , urgent
in this tepid genre offering
is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
never seems hopelessly juvenile .
rather thin
the symbols
he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise
be a one-trick pony
make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series
disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
is his best film yet ...
nothing new to see
shock-you-into-laughter intensity
feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on
how bad this movie was
an imitation movie
of a sports extravaganza
are immaculate ,
should be used to burn every print of the film
, kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live )
audacity to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy
adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .
bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension
into heaven
what 's missing
is often exquisite
while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché
inappropriate
a terrific b movie --
has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
an uncomfortable movie ,
decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
a story of dramatic enlightenment
queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
distinctly minor
as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter
the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
stinks
if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks
bogging down in a barrage of hype
with cliche
a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit
it is very difficult to care about the character ,
go at all the wrong moments
soderbergh 's best films ,
another routine hollywood frightfest
trash
that rare quality
's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
is as predictable as the tides
be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it
stupid characters
offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance
's potentially just as rewarding
oddest
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
yawner .
a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn
genius
spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together
the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties
alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
slow , predictable and
is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet
that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
preachy and
's unfortunate
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
by a self-indulgent script
often-funny comedy
is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls
rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge
is just a little bit hard to love
whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three
one-sidedness
lame romantic comedy
hilarity
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely
pollution
you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
culture-clash comedy
suffocating rape-payback horror
this modern mob music drama
( has ) an immediacy
delivers .
feel alive -
acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses
the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
resist his pleas to spare wildlife and
the only reason
awful complications
seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace
technically sophisticated in the worst way
's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references
for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story
a lump of play-doh
a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade
really won my heart
to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
as a reverie about memory and regret
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and
lacks in depth
charming and funny
worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it , the project should have been made for the tube .
he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film
, sobering , heart-felt drama
proper respect
a fifty car pileup of cliches .
suspense on different levels
all its fusty squareness
and pasta-fagioli comedy
held my interest precisely
entertained by
, nutty , consistently funny .
by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
more slowly
, original
too stupid
for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers
was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series
so insanely dysfunctional
nice , light treat
intimate and universal cinema
incredibly captivating and
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
what the hell was coming next
is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
forget
are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
'd bother watching past the second commercial break
tasty morsels
suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star .
the best of herzog 's works
`` the good girl '' a film worth watching
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
is as generic as its title
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
you might want to check it out
the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt
going to take you
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
being unique
jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .
with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do
works on some levels and
dawns , real dawns , comic relief
refracting
a strong script , powerful direction
rigged and sluggish
affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed
from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
no cute factor
would be an abridged edition
seen through the right eyes
something hip and transgressive
sweet , charming
are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family .
a xerox machine
they do n't fit well together and neither is well told
that powerhouse
concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
most excruciating 86 minutes one
a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking
the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse
a fully developed story
screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout ,
with celluloid garbage
if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` how does steven seagal come across these days ? ''
about identity and alienation
to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy
it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions
simple tale
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher
fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6
as an important , original talent in international cinema
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note
the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while
the performances are often engaging
a retread story , bad writing , and
that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
laid-back good spirits
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
struggling nobody
traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
the worst of the brosnan bunch
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and
that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame
rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump
's too long and unfocused .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .
admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .
performances of exceptional honesty
wears out
that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
, uninhibited
, this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
were paying dues for good books unread
are ...
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard
genuinely good
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
begins to fade from memory
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
to probe questions of attraction and interdependence
an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances
as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity
is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just
what he could make with a decent budget
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
the most surprising thing
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
a dumb comedy
filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence :
fill time
terrific film
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
, poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
watch your merchant ivory productions
you need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work .
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers
worth the look
serious minded patience , respect and affection
, you can do no wrong with jason x.
the thing ' and a geriatric
's surprisingly decent
a good documentarian
stress ` dumb
charming
her confidence in her material
the usual movie rah-rah
crafted
show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck
an honest , sensitive story
a complete shambles
has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
to his pulpy thrillers
painful lie
it the most
it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter .
if the film has a problem
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and
truly annoying pitch
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .
a huge action sequence
deadpan cool , wry humor
brilliantly
wannabe
( westbrook ) makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination
one scene
, inner-city autistic
a way that few movies have ever approached
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
some movies that hit you from the first scene
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud ,
needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .
bottom
a fluid , no-nonsense authority
it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions
why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor
makes it worth a recommendation
angst-ridden
a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat
see this movie
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
but how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
packed with just as much intelligence as action
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle
the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years
does not make for much of a movie .
far less sophisticated
an awful sour taste
is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato
seems suited neither to kids or adults .
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy ,
a relentlessly globalizing world
well done , but slow
it lacks in outright newness
of psychopathic pulp
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .
so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
be in video stores by christmas
turns a blind eye
this gutter romancer 's
be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann .
intelligent , well-made b movie
despite besson 's high-profile name being wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
casts its spooky net
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ...
is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance
, it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
case zero .
energizes it
of the best of the swashbucklers
is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus
even more remarkable
abbass 's understated
undeniably intriguing film
of a freshly painted rembrandt
great impression
is seriously compromised by that
allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
find in this dreary mess
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
mugging their way through snow dogs
the tasteful little revision works
're in luck .
will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
that frenetic spectacle ( on the tv show ) has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout .
personable , amusing cast
make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous
to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
it deserves to be seen everywhere .
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop ,
practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte
is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle
very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
personally , i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet .
the magic that made it all work
at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution
breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d
shallow and
that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive
truly bad
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain
a good human being
poverty
just such a dungpile
this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
flamboyant style
have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age .
... an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .
received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen
brave and challenging
be considered a funny little film
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
stilted and unconvincing
this alleged psychological thriller
veered off too far into the exxon zone , and
imbued with passion and attitude
almost seems like a documentary in the way
its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
in tight pants and big tits
true to its animatronic roots :
when ( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al. , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
the `` a '' range ,
fills the eyes
is oppressively heavy .
the climactic hourlong cricket match
make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie
in the film that surprises or delights
find much fascination
a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed
hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking
but overall the halloween series has lost its edge
the simpering soundtrack and editing more so
lost its edge
a poignant and gently humorous
completely honest
good enough to be the purr
then by all means check it out .
on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script
made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but
is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action .
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
considerable
the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock
created such a vibrant , colorful world
but it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
a tired , predictable
struggle furiously
extravaganza
a depressing story
that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
pyrotechnics its punchy style promises
might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and
take as long as you 've paid a matinee price
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .
is firing his r&d people
that such a talented director as chen kaige
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
for the future , one hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
does not have
an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
feels impersonal , almost generic .
are poorly delivered
, often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation
too clichéd and too often strains
to be a compelling
i 'm likely to see all year
fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie
turn out okay
impeccable comic skill
of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal
redundant and
terrible .
far more meaningful
director lee has a true cinematic knack
the gorgeous piano and
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .
three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot
no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
box office money that makes michael jordan jealous
the greatest date movies in years
is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
is a children 's film in the truest sense
cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
of routine stuff yuen
flatter
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding --
the field no favors
scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv
a wise and powerful tale
the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
elegant and eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions , love .
breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people
forget about it by monday , though
eerily accurate
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .
bogdanovich puts history in perspective
you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
thrill you , touch you
visuals and enveloping sounds
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
what results is the best performance from either in years
this overlong infomercial
remains surprisingly idealistic
rodan is out of his league
as particularly memorable or even all that funny
trashy
to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists
it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie
too cliched
fabulously funny and
it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
it 's also not very good .
there is truth here
substantive
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
is spot on
to triumphantly sermonize
it is a refreshingly forthright one
, contrived sequels
wannabe .
over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
the rich and sudden wisdom ,
consistent embracing humanity
indigestion sets
empowerment tale thinly
this is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
undernourished and plodding
glorious
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and
beautiful , self-satisfied
long-lived friendships and
are far more alienating than involving
punching people in the stomach again
a soul-stirring documentary
you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time
should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
entertains not so much
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
sordid universe
it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls
a remarkably accessible and haunting film
for the ones that do n't come off
host to some truly excellent sequences
pure composition
i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week
the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but
compelling supporting characters
equally miserable film
its invitingly upbeat overture to
juxtapositions
this beautifully animated epic
a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
as it is , it 's too long and unfocused .
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .
trusted audiences
a bad film
is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .
it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller .
in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize
glamorous machine
for some very good acting , dialogue ,
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace
but quietly effective retelling
wannabe-hip crime comedy
it 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
recreation to resonate
becoming
profoundly
could easily be dealing with right now in your lives
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and ,
little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
emotional and
somehow makes it all the more compelling .
intriguing and alluring
disbelief
, pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
for people who like their romances to have that french realism
every bit as high
a feast for the eyes
i spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
tackled a meaty subject and
irresistibly uncanny ambience
warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is
a true and historically significant story
awfully
it takes to describe how bad it is
slap her
die-hard french film connoisseurs
a sincere performance
credulous
does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene
, so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?
emotionally grand
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up ,
's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
acute writing and a host of splendid performances
that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans
you 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
's definitely a step in the right direction
have developed some taste
a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
exactly how bad it is
award
slightly less successful
bad action movie
successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters
achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
contradictory
is loaded with good intentions
the e-graveyard
a smart comedy
's a very valuable film
enticing and
a step down
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires ,
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog
is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
brimming
is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film
you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast
worst cinematic tragedies
and completely ridiculous
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional
if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
does a great combination act
employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
organized
someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver
has had a successful career in tv
you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .
a 60-second homage
is just the point
the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say ,
this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
will probably be in wedgie heaven .
the fun of the movie
gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool
distinctly sub-par ...
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?
seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
meandering and confusing .
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense
a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
, heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear
mugs mercilessly
an unwieldy cast
other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
recommend secretary
a quiet , disquieting triumph
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
death to smoochy is often very funny
, the weight of water is oppressively heavy .
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered --
and we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) ,
the most original fantasy film ever made
spot
suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought
largely flat and uncreative moments
interesting psychological game
masters of both
praises female self-sacrifice
i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy
to adopt as a generational signpost
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell
sensuality and a conniving wit
its elegantly colorful look and
a durable part
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
are worse
enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals
cleaner
give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss
the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while .
the film never feels derivative
the gifted pearce
smart ,
unsuccessful attempt
well directed
satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .
coherent
to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
more to think about after the final frame
what 's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best .
at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
trash-cinema
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .
to check your brain at the door
as good a job as anyone
just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes
rewarding
virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
do no wrong
will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
, there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy
you to scratch a hole in your head
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
cool visual backmasking )
indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
rises above superficiality
i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
transvestite comedy
has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing
flailing
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .
dramatically lackluster .
slap-happy
challenging or depressing
return to form for director peter bogdanovich
soggy potboiler
to the idiocy of its last frames
it 's crafty , energetic and smart --
, not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it
so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .
the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
are uncomfortably strained
shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
of the more overtly silly dialogue
best actress
is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
dialog between realistic characters
's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting
( barry ) gives assassin a disquieting authority .
this nasty comedy
's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas
, intelligent
is that her confidence in her material is merited
heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness
like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while
b-movie category
in its committed dumbness
desiccated talent
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
outing with one of france 's most inventive directors
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived ,
is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek
does pack some serious suspense
does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
one problem with the movie ,
allegiance to chekhov
snide
of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life
the best possible senses
make for some robust and scary entertainment .
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human
must shoot it in the head
feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .
israeli/palestinian conflict as
letting go at all the wrong moments
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
nails all of orlean 's themes
a film -- full of life and small delights --
's a fantastic movie
mistake .
instead of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .
stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard
out of eudora welty
that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
jump-in-your-seat
movies about angels
a cold , calculated exercise
turn away from one another instead of talking
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice
odd bedfellows
able to give full performances
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people
the product
the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
may look cool
... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .
in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess
an impressive style
, he is always sympathetic .
permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
reasonably creative
uncommonly pleasurable
dislikable study in sociopathy .
is they have a tendency to slip into hokum
's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease
maudlin and cliche-ridden
hawaiian setting
... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
there 's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .
know a star
a modest masterpiece .
be made on the cheap
that profound , at least
equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information
perfected
because they 're clueless and inept
offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
a higher plateau
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
natural sportsmen
friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia
painfully redundant and inauthentic
not without merit
well-made and satisfying thriller
rally to its cause ,
a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche .
bottom-feeder
its rawness and vitality
a chilling tale
a truly magical movie
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
freshening
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america .
, funny , even punny 6
enjoyed the love story
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .
up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick
is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain
does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
$ 99 bargain-basement special
unbalanced mixture
compellingly watchable .
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur
so could young romantics out on a date .
wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character
hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter
a stark portrait
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .
offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
impressive and
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .
is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food
strikingly devious
prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
action-adventure buffs
stop buying tickets to these movies
the start -- and , refreshingly ,
, in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life
rich with human events
the dynamic first act
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
be on video
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up
that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
not well enough
it 's a cool event for the whole family .
capable thriller
at three hours and with very little story or character development
nothing we have n't seen before from murphy
more beautiful than either of those films
is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .
this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism
wholesome and
i 'm guessing the director is a magician .
the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
boisterous , heartfelt comedy
bang-up
us share their enthusiasm
innovative backgrounds
a powerful emotional wallop
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
the movie is a dud .
of balto
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart .
are sometimes bracing
offers opportunities for occasional smiles
's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face
drag an audience
succeeded only in making me groggy
thurman
as any other arnie musclefest
funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
amusing
with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing
offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone
so poorly plotted and scripted .
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man
is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
all the demographically appropriate comic buttons
schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas
creepy-crawly bug things
a classy , sprightly spin
it aspires
its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes
utterly absorbing
, you should be able to find better entertainment .
the first mistake , i suspect ,
of the most original american productions this year
it is definitely worth seeing .
with a humanistic message
sex
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? '
a lot of tooth in roger dodger
the best date movie of the year
in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving
as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
gimmicky
begins with promise ,
tickled
too violent
rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys
living under a rock
that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .
fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic
the excitement
short of profound characterizations
that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny
to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form
careless and unfocused
an observant , unfussily poetic meditation
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it
one of the most genuinely sweet films
who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
despite its sincere acting
the last days
are able to accomplish
the update is dreary and sluggish .
who is not a character in this movie
of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
all bluster
it 's supposed to feel funny and light
the screenplay or something
, signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
provoked to intolerable levels
done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez
his control
mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
hypnotically dull ,
auto-critique
inspired
pure movie
is visually ravishing ,
seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
paced and satisfying
to make of this italian freakshow
what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
to have the best of both worlds
's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing
although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything .
of the film 's cheeky charm
healing process
actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
a captivating drama
old-fashioned hollywood magic
realistically
that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
inhabit that special annex of hell
collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times ,
of fun for all
a hit - and-miss affair ,
great , has solid acting and a neat premise
do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit
agony
of nearly epic proportions
filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible
my greatest pictures
is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
modest amusements
fun of me
) just too bratty for sympathy
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty
to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
scenes all end in someone screaming .
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood .
is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .
gain from watching they
grittily beautiful film
left in the broiling sun for a good three days
... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
too deep
, the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .
an opportunity missed .
works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon
war
nearly perfect in their roles
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
mindless and boring
this listless feature will win him any new viewers
the light of the exit sign
like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book
a lot more
's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure
seen this exact same movie a hundred times
of this laughable dialogue
will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors
about nothing
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch ,
touching good sense on the experience of its women
concrete story and definitive answers
as bad at it is cruel
a lovably
a chilling movie
it gets harder and harder to understand her choices
to shock and amaze
, three-dimensional characters
witless
a pointless , meandering celebration
find it uninteresting
hollywood pipeline
the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy
the solid filmmaking
the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
is a disaster .
squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge '
, did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
family and community
the film is full of charm .
is interesting
are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance
it 's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke .
ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
ice age wo n't drop your jaw ,
sharply comic and
wonderfully speculative
slightly flawed
's being conned right up to the finale
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical
the city 's old-world charm
to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants
, ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
befuddled in its characterizations
of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
vibrantly colored
even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
veers like a drunken driver
backstage must-see
, because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful
broadcast
where their heads were
and withholds delivery
knockabout
journey into a philosophical void .
margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
coming-of-age portrait
for insomnia
on the deep deceptions of innocence
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
's neither too erotic nor very thrilling ,
seat
more ways
a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
big stars and
meandering , low on energy ,
degrading and strangely liberating
tends to plod .
is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors
a haunted house ,
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good ,
wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor
offers rare insight
no , it 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels
past his prime
it is a hilarious place to visit
has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge
maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make trouble every day any better .
, marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws
quirky and funny
having an old friend for dinner '
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods
good trash
just unlikable
insecure
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
successful on other levels
wonderful acting clinic
ate
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .
is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
made-for-tv
the charismatic jackie chan to
all its flaws
reserved but existential
a stab at soccer hooliganism ,
life-affirming message
worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops
drain
be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad
, the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
freddy gets molested
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will
are side stories aplenty
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .
the real triumphs
, it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .
has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director
spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should .
in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
every joke is repeated at least
makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian
is flat .
add up to a biting satire that has no teeth
a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history
as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work
the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
is genial and decent
heavy on the atmospheric weirdness
, also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
overstylized , puréed mélange
has a bigger-name cast
odds with the rest of the film
too amateurish
was utterly charming
commands attention
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .
a powerful performance
even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones
is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
their way around this movie directionless ,
, it 's still not a good movie
sounds whiny and defensive
has fun with the quirks of family life
format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
enthusiasm
the story together frustrating difficult
there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
slimed in the name of high art
idol 's
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
toss-up
poetry
often lethally dull
full of surprises .
overwhelming sadness
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie
margarita happy hour
the pleasure
too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
that you want to slap it
his pleas
is disappointingly generic
little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity
her best
, stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
be called animation
warm and winning central performance
made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes
to turn his movie in an unexpected direction
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling
his fake backdrops
lacks fellowship 's heart
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
relegated
e.t. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
comes
of ineptly
find love
builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy
authentic
a mundane '70s disaster flick
matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .
is a total misfire
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
kitchen-sink homage
gets better after foster leaves that little room .
( madonna 's ) denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
that 's where this film should have remained
find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually ,
, this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever
something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
describing badness
undeterminable
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line .
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare ,
runteldat is something of a triumph .
, `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
visually flashy but narratively opaque and
insomnia
arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .
a shame
even more damning --
a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
comic gem
piercingly affecting ...
feels homogenized and a bit contrived
bad alternative music
enough , but nothing new
world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists
remains prominent
as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
entirely irresistible
, the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
a documentary and more propaganda
as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered
bad imitation
that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then
learning but inventing a remarkable new trick
's always fun to watch
way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film
made it all work
thrilling combination
need a stronger stomach than us
a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills
ennui-hobbled
` praise the lord
the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say
tired tyco ad
its characters and communicates something
tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig ,
where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks
one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen
rather dull , unimaginative
to serve the work especially well
, multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation
have to put up with 146 minutes of it
that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
very sluggish pace
seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah .
feels rigged and sluggish .
gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through
without ever succumbing to sentimentality
fresh and raw
dramatically moving
some genuine quirkiness
proud
argue
if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .
is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell
deal with the subject of love head-on
from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
includes too much obvious padding
of low-budget filmmaking
almost as offensive as `` freddy
its unforced comedy-drama
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
grade-school audience
do n't see often enough these days
can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor
, godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
is better than any summer blockbuster
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' ,
a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it
no solace here ,
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
's quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent .
anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
sharp comedy
sophisticated and surprising
but it does n't leave you with much .
director anne fontaine
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
very well done
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
the ethos of the chelsea hotel
disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
has enough wit
undeniably worthy and devastating
work up much entertainment value
the very hollowness of the character he plays
, robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ...
keep this fresh .
its lackluster gear
rare movie
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all ,
side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull
( the stage show ) , you still have to see this !
give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed
's invigorating about
a nice , harmless date film
healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition
this often-hilarious farce
as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
, though goofy and lurid ,
gold
crass and insulting
veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic
an intimate contemplation
would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
have loved it
can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
( the cockettes ) provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
bold biographical fantasia
if you saw benigni 's pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
who possibly will enjoy it
is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten
we are undeniably touched .
, it still seems endless .
laugh their *** off
hanna-barbera charm
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .
energetic and original
uninspired philosophical
naïveté
poo-poo
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them .
i wanted more .
a just a waste
's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be
consider it ` perfection
waste
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer ,
mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money .
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -
trying to sneak out of the theater
run-of-the-mill disney sequel
liked it
all its effective moments
macabre and
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher ,
intelligent people
's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
through contrived plot points
halfway intriguing plot
it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
gives the lie to many clichés
enjoying
find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish
layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and
from its material that is deliberately unsettling
the stuffiest cinema goers
it an exhilarating
has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series .
dreamlike ecstasy
is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation
with a modicum of patience
conflict
worst possibilities
it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .
indoctrinated prejudice
some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results
loses
of elephant feces
most delightful
does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
a triumph of imagination
a convincing impersonation
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea .
pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy
in need of a scented bath
the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché
first great film
a feel movie
it equals the original and in some ways even betters it
of direct-to-video nash
energetic and
unwary
a nice coffee table book
an all-around good time at the movies this summer
to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
the finish line
it would be easy for critics to shred it
, derrida is all but useless
a satisfying summer blockbuster
cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
trapped
frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
the grandness
flat , misguided comedy .
lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
funny and
in an art film !
be careful what you wish for ''
find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
it 's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
is so fine
to care about
be liked sometimes
the funniest american comedy
the con
is an earnest study in despair
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
the mark of a documentary that works
but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
flashy twists
a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance
, and irritating
, it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and
if you love reading and/or poetry
some decent performances
firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
ever released by a major film studio .
a sloppy slapstick
offers an interesting bit of speculation
brutally labored and unfunny
a great cast and
will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
peace is possible
inquisitive enough
seen 10,000 times
the muck
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing
may prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece .
some people march to the beat of a different drum
want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead
're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns
drawing wrenching performances
interesting matters of identity and heritage
, having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs
is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
the basic flaws
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
the film would be a total washout .
is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .
is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage
followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
boys '
its own brilliance
your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
, this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .
musical number
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
old-fashioned storytelling
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .
seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .
an encouraging new direction for la salle
remains vividly in memory
half-baked setups and
lose
this little $ 1.8 million charmer ,
dullest kiddie flicks
holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture
to classify as it is hard to resist
its chicken heart
by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
a touching , transcendent love story
languishing on a shelf somewhere
no fantasy story
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory
the artificial structure
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs '
vulgar
never clearly defines his characters or
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering
so devoid
poignant and delicately
ludicrous and
as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
from cowering poverty to courage and happiness
signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame
heart-warming
a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
explode obnoxiously
is wry and engrossing .
that there 's nothing resembling a spine here
almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period
to use the word `` new '' in its title
not particularly scary
of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film ,
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level
's supposed to be a romantic comedy
add anything fresh
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
the dialogue is cumbersome
, romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program .
to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet
sin
steve martin
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game
an enthusiastic charm in fire
like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is
cheatfully
be a straightforward bio
here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
this surprisingly decent flick
is heartfelt and achingly real
in genre cliches
the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan
the movie tries to make sense of its title character
lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
does strong , measured work .
jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .
a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland
a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed
be tried as a war criminal
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life ,
pastel landscapes
director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
no interesting concept can escape
it would be
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
flickering reminders of the ties that bind us
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon
has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
it begins to fade from memory
a sudden lunch rush
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities ,
a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair
combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
repulsive and depressing
lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
intense experience
heedless
little uneven
sealed with a kiss
very ugly
why this project was undertaken
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and
halfhearted
dilutes the pleasure of watching them
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and
can get your money back
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
the most entertaining monster movies in ages